net.minecraft.src.EnumChatFormatting -> a:
    boolean fancyStyling -> A
    java.lang.String controlString -> B
    int colorIndex -> C
    EnumChatFormatting[] $VALUES -> D
    EnumChatFormatting BLACK -> a
    EnumChatFormatting DARK_BLUE -> b
    EnumChatFormatting DARK_GREEN -> c
    EnumChatFormatting DARK_AQUA -> d
    EnumChatFormatting DARK_RED -> e
    EnumChatFormatting DARK_PURPLE -> f
    EnumChatFormatting GOLD -> g
    EnumChatFormatting GRAY -> h
    EnumChatFormatting DARK_GRAY -> i
    EnumChatFormatting BLUE -> j
    EnumChatFormatting GREEN -> k
    EnumChatFormatting AQUA -> l
    EnumChatFormatting RED -> m
    EnumChatFormatting LIGHT_PURPLE -> n
    EnumChatFormatting YELLOW -> o
    EnumChatFormatting WHITE -> p
    EnumChatFormatting OBFUSCATED -> q
    EnumChatFormatting BOLD -> r
    EnumChatFormatting STRIKETHROUGH -> s
    EnumChatFormatting UNDERLINE -> t
    EnumChatFormatting ITALIC -> u
    EnumChatFormatting RESET -> v
    java.util.Map nameMapping -> w
    java.util.regex.Pattern formattingCodePattern -> x
    java.lang.String name -> y
    char formattingCode -> z
net.minecraft.src.CommandEmote -> aa:
net.minecraft.src.ItemLeaves -> aaa:
    BlockLeaves leaves -> b
net.minecraft.src.ItemMap -> aab:
net.minecraft.src.ItemBucketMilk -> aac:
net.minecraft.src.ItemMinecart -> aad:
    IBehaviorDispenseItem dispenserMinecartBehavior -> a
    EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType minecartType -> b
net.minecraft.src.ItemMinecart$1 -> aad$1:
    BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem behaviourDefaultDispenseItem -> b
net.minecraft.src.ItemMultiTexture -> aae:
    Block theBlock -> b
    com.google.common.base.Function nameFunction -> c
net.minecraft.src.ItemMultiTexture$1 -> aae$1:
    java.lang.String[] field_179542_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemNameTag -> aaf:
net.minecraft.src.ItemPickaxe -> aag:
    java.util.Set EFFECTIVE_ON -> c
net.minecraft.src.ItemPiston -> aah:
net.minecraft.src.ItemPotion -> aai:
    java.util.Map effectCache -> a
    java.util.Map SUB_ITEMS_CACHE -> b
net.minecraft.src.EnumRarity -> aaj:
    EnumRarity COMMON -> a
    EnumRarity UNCOMMON -> b
    EnumRarity RARE -> c
    EnumRarity EPIC -> d
    EnumChatFormatting rarityColor -> e
    java.lang.String rarityName -> f
    EnumRarity[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.ItemRecord -> aak:
    java.lang.String recordName -> a
    java.util.Map RECORDS -> b
net.minecraft.src.ItemRedstone -> aal:
net.minecraft.src.ItemSaddle -> aam:
net.minecraft.src.ItemSeedFood -> aan:
    Block crops -> b
    Block soilId -> c
net.minecraft.src.ItemSeeds -> aao:
    Block crops -> a
    Block soilBlockID -> b
net.minecraft.src.ItemShears -> aap:
net.minecraft.src.ItemSpade -> aaq:
    java.util.Set EFFECTIVE_ON -> c
net.minecraft.src.ItemSign -> aar:
net.minecraft.src.ItemSimpleFoiled -> aas:
net.minecraft.src.ItemSkull -> aat:
    java.lang.String[] skullTypes -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemSlab -> aau:
    BlockSlab singleSlab -> b
    BlockSlab doubleSlab -> c
net.minecraft.src.ItemSnow -> aav:
net.minecraft.src.ItemSnowball -> aaw:
net.minecraft.src.ItemMonsterPlacer -> aax:
net.minecraft.src.ItemSword -> aay:
    float attackDamage -> a
    Item$ToolMaterial material -> b
net.minecraft.src.ItemColored -> aaz:
    Block coloredBlock -> b
    java.lang.String[] subtypeNames -> c
net.minecraft.src.CommandEnchant -> ab:
net.minecraft.src.EnumAction -> aba:
    EnumAction NONE -> a
    EnumAction EAT -> b
    EnumAction DRINK -> c
    EnumAction BLOCK -> d
    EnumAction BOW -> e
    EnumAction[] $VALUES -> f
net.minecraft.src.ItemLilyPad -> abb:
net.minecraft.src.ItemWritableBook -> abc:
net.minecraft.src.ItemEditableBook -> abd:
net.minecraft.src.PotionHelper -> abe:
    java.lang.String unusedString -> a
    java.lang.String sugarEffect -> b
    java.lang.String ghastTearEffect -> c
    java.lang.String spiderEyeEffect -> d
    java.lang.String fermentedSpiderEyeEffect -> e
    java.lang.String speckledMelonEffect -> f
    java.lang.String blazePowderEffect -> g
    java.lang.String magmaCreamEffect -> h
    java.lang.String redstoneEffect -> i
    java.lang.String glowstoneEffect -> j
    java.lang.String gunpowderEffect -> k
    java.lang.String goldenCarrotEffect -> l
    java.lang.String pufferfishEffect -> m
    java.lang.String rabbitFootEffect -> n
    java.util.Map potionRequirements -> o
    java.util.Map potionAmplifiers -> p
    java.util.Map DATAVALUE_COLORS -> q
    java.lang.String[] potionPrefixes -> r
net.minecraft.src.RecipesArmorDyes -> abh:
net.minecraft.src.RecipesArmor -> abi:
    java.lang.String[][] recipePatterns -> a
    Item[][] recipeItems -> b
net.minecraft.src.RecipesBanners -> abj:
net.minecraft.src.RecipesBanners$1 -> abj$1:
net.minecraft.src.RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern -> abj$a:
net.minecraft.src.RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern -> abj$b:
net.minecraft.src.RecipeBookCloning -> abk:
net.minecraft.src.RecipesDyes -> abl:
net.minecraft.src.RecipeFireworks -> abm:
    ItemStack field_92102_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RecipesFood -> abn:
net.minecraft.src.FurnaceRecipes -> abo:
    FurnaceRecipes smeltingBase -> a
    java.util.Map smeltingList -> b
    java.util.Map experienceList -> c
net.minecraft.src.RecipesMapCloning -> abp:
net.minecraft.src.RecipesMapExtending -> abq:
net.minecraft.src.RecipesIngots -> abr:
    java.lang.Object[][] recipeItems -> a
net.minecraft.src.IRecipe -> abs:
net.minecraft.src.CraftingManager -> abt:
    CraftingManager instance -> a
    java.util.List recipes -> b
net.minecraft.src.CraftingManager$1 -> abt$1:
    CraftingManager field_77582_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RecipeRepairItem -> abu:
net.minecraft.src.ShapedRecipes -> abv:
    int recipeWidth -> a
    int recipeHeight -> b
    ItemStack[] recipeItems -> c
    ItemStack recipeOutput -> d
    boolean copyIngredientNBT -> e
net.minecraft.src.ShapelessRecipes -> abw:
    ItemStack recipeOutput -> a
    java.util.List recipeItems -> b
net.minecraft.src.RecipesCrafting -> abx:
net.minecraft.src.RecipesTools -> aby:
    java.lang.String[][] recipePatterns -> a
    java.lang.Object[][] recipeItems -> b
net.minecraft.src.RecipesWeapons -> abz:
    java.lang.String[][] recipePatterns -> a
    java.lang.Object[][] recipeItems -> b
net.minecraft.src.CommandEntityData -> ac:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentArrowDamage -> acb:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentArrowFire -> acc:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentArrowInfinite -> acd:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentArrowKnockback -> ace:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentDamage -> acf:
    java.lang.String[] protectionName -> E
    int[] baseEnchantability -> F
    int[] levelEnchantability -> G
    int[] thresholdEnchantability -> H
    int damageType -> a
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentDurability -> acg:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentDigging -> ach:
net.minecraft.src.Enchantment -> aci:
    Enchantment lure -> A
    int effectId -> B
    EnumEnchantmentType type -> C
    java.lang.String name -> D
    java.util.Map locationEnchantments -> E
    int weight -> F
    Enchantment[] enchantmentsList -> a
    Enchantment[] enchantmentsBookList -> b
    Enchantment protection -> c
    Enchantment fireProtection -> d
    Enchantment featherFalling -> e
    Enchantment blastProtection -> f
    Enchantment projectileProtection -> g
    Enchantment respiration -> h
    Enchantment aquaAffinity -> i
    Enchantment thorns -> j
    Enchantment depthStrider -> k
    Enchantment sharpness -> l
    Enchantment smite -> m
    Enchantment baneOfArthropods -> n
    Enchantment knockback -> o
    Enchantment fireAspect -> p
    Enchantment looting -> q
    Enchantment efficiency -> r
    Enchantment silkTouch -> s
    Enchantment unbreaking -> t
    Enchantment fortune -> u
    Enchantment power -> v
    Enchantment punch -> w
    Enchantment flame -> x
    Enchantment infinity -> y
    Enchantment luckOfTheSea -> z
net.minecraft.src.EnumEnchantmentType -> acj:
    EnumEnchantmentType ALL -> a
    EnumEnchantmentType ARMOR -> b
    EnumEnchantmentType ARMOR_FEET -> c
    EnumEnchantmentType ARMOR_LEGS -> d
    EnumEnchantmentType ARMOR_TORSO -> e
    EnumEnchantmentType ARMOR_HEAD -> f
    EnumEnchantmentType WEAPON -> g
    EnumEnchantmentType DIGGER -> h
    EnumEnchantmentType FISHING_ROD -> i
    EnumEnchantmentType BREAKABLE -> j
    EnumEnchantmentType BOW -> k
    EnumEnchantmentType[] $VALUES -> l
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentHelper -> ack:
    java.util.Random enchantmentRand -> a
    EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage enchantmentModifierDamage -> b
    EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving enchantmentModifierLiving -> c
    EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator ENCHANTMENT_ITERATOR_HURT -> d
    EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator ENCHANTMENT_ITERATOR_DAMAGE -> e
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentHelper$1 -> ack$1:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator -> ack$a:
    EntityLivingBase user -> a
    Entity target -> b
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator -> ack$b:
    EntityLivingBase user -> a
    Entity attacker -> b
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentHelper$IModifier -> ack$c:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving -> ack$d:
    float livingModifier -> a
    EnumCreatureAttribute entityLiving -> b
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage -> ack$e:
    int damageModifier -> a
    DamageSource source -> b
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentData -> acl:
    Enchantment enchantmentobj -> b
    int enchantmentLevel -> c
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentFireAspect -> acm:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentFishingSpeed -> acn:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentKnockback -> aco:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentLootBonus -> acp:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentOxygen -> acq:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentProtection -> acr:
    java.lang.String[] protectionName -> E
    int[] baseEnchantability -> F
    int[] levelEnchantability -> G
    int[] thresholdEnchantability -> H
    int protectionType -> a
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentThorns -> acs:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentUntouching -> act:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentWaterWalker -> acu:
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentWaterWorker -> acv:
net.minecraft.src.IMerchant -> acy:
net.minecraft.src.MerchantRecipe -> acz:
    ItemStack itemToBuy -> a
    ItemStack secondItemToBuy -> b
    ItemStack itemToSell -> c
    int toolUses -> d
    int maxTradeUses -> e
    boolean rewardsExp -> f
net.minecraft.src.CommandExecuteAt -> ad:
net.minecraft.src.CommandExecuteAt$1 -> ad$1:
    Entity field_174804_a -> a
    ICommandSender field_174802_b -> b
    BlockPos field_174803_c -> c
    double field_174800_d -> d
    double field_174801_e -> e
    double field_174798_f -> f
    CommandExecuteAt field_174799_g -> g
net.minecraft.src.MerchantRecipeList -> ada:
net.minecraft.src.CommandBlockLogic -> adc:
    java.text.SimpleDateFormat timestampFormat -> a
    int successCount -> b
    boolean trackOutput -> c
    IChatComponent lastOutput -> d
    java.lang.String commandStored -> e
    java.lang.String customName -> f
    CommandResultStats resultStats -> g
net.minecraft.src.CommandBlockLogic$1 -> adc$1:
    CommandBlockLogic field_180325_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandBlockLogic$2 -> adc$2:
    CommandBlockLogic field_180327_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.MobSpawnerBaseLogic -> add:
    int spawnDelay -> a
    java.lang.String mobID -> b
    java.util.List minecartToSpawn -> c
    MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart randomEntity -> d
    double mobRotation -> e
    double prevMobRotation -> f
    int minSpawnDelay -> g
    int maxSpawnDelay -> h
    int spawnCount -> i
    Entity cachedEntity -> j
    int maxNearbyEntities -> k
    int activatingRangeFromPlayer -> l
    int spawnRange -> m
net.minecraft.src.MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart -> add$a:
    MobSpawnerBaseLogic field_98221_d -> b
    NBTTagCompound nbtData -> c
    java.lang.String entityType -> d
net.minecraft.src.BlockEventData -> ade:
    BlockPos position -> a
    Block blockType -> b
    int eventID -> c
    int eventParameter -> d
net.minecraft.src.EnumWorldBlockLayer -> adf:
    EnumWorldBlockLayer SOLID -> a
    EnumWorldBlockLayer CUTOUT_MIPPED -> b
    EnumWorldBlockLayer CUTOUT -> c
    EnumWorldBlockLayer TRANSLUCENT -> d
    java.lang.String layerName -> e
    EnumWorldBlockLayer[] $VALUES -> f
net.minecraft.src.ChunkCoordIntPair -> adg:
    int chunkXPos -> a
    int chunkZPos -> b
net.minecraft.src.Explosion -> adi:
    boolean isFlaming -> a
    boolean isSmoking -> b
    java.util.Random explosionRNG -> c
    World worldObj -> d
    double explosionX -> e
    double explosionY -> f
    double explosionZ -> g
    Entity exploder -> h
    float explosionSize -> i
    java.util.List affectedBlockPositions -> j
    java.util.Map playerKnockbackMap -> k
net.minecraft.src.ColorizerFoliage -> adj:
    int[] foliageBuffer -> a
net.minecraft.src.GameRules -> adk:
    java.util.TreeMap theGameRules -> a
net.minecraft.src.GameRules$Value -> adk$a:
    java.lang.String valueString -> a
    boolean valueBoolean -> b
    int valueInteger -> c
    double valueDouble -> d
    GameRules$ValueType type -> e
net.minecraft.src.GameRules$ValueType -> adk$b:
    GameRules$ValueType ANY_VALUE -> a
    GameRules$ValueType BOOLEAN_VALUE -> b
    GameRules$ValueType NUMERICAL_VALUE -> c
    GameRules$ValueType[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.ColorizerGrass -> adl:
    int[] grassBuffer -> a
net.minecraft.src.World -> adm:
    VillageCollection villageCollectionObj -> A
    Profiler theProfiler -> B
    Scoreboard worldScoreboard -> C
    boolean isRemote -> D
    java.util.Set activeChunkSet -> E
    boolean spawnHostileMobs -> F
    boolean spawnPeacefulMobs -> G
    int[] lightUpdateBlockList -> H
    int skylightSubtracted -> I
    int lastLightningBolt -> J
    java.util.Calendar theCalendar -> K
    int ambientTickCountdown -> L
    boolean processingLoadedTiles -> M
    WorldBorder worldBorder -> N
    int seaLevel -> a
    java.util.List addedTileEntityList -> b
    java.util.List tileEntitiesToBeRemoved -> c
    long cloudColour -> d
    boolean scheduledUpdatesAreImmediate -> e
    java.util.List loadedEntityList -> f
    java.util.List unloadedEntityList -> g
    java.util.List loadedTileEntityList -> h
    java.util.List tickableTileEntities -> i
    java.util.List playerEntities -> j
    java.util.List weatherEffects -> k
    IntHashMap entitiesById -> l
    int updateLCG -> m
    int DIST_HASH_MAGIC -> n
    float prevRainingStrength -> o
    float rainingStrength -> p
    float prevThunderingStrength -> q
    float thunderingStrength -> r
    java.util.Random rand -> s
    WorldProvider provider -> t
    java.util.List worldAccesses -> u
    IChunkProvider chunkProvider -> v
    ISaveHandler saveHandler -> w
    WorldInfo worldInfo -> x
    boolean findingSpawnPoint -> y
    MapStorage mapStorage -> z
net.minecraft.src.World$1 -> adm$1:
    BlockPos field_180253_a -> a
    World field_77485_a -> b
net.minecraft.src.World$2 -> adm$2:
    Block field_151300_a -> a
    World field_77405_a -> b
net.minecraft.src.World$3 -> adm$3:
    World field_77440_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.World$4 -> adm$4:
    World field_151308_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.MinecraftException -> adn:
net.minecraft.src.IWorldAccess -> ado:
net.minecraft.src.WorldSettings -> adp:
    long seed -> a
    WorldSettings$GameType theGameType -> b
    boolean mapFeaturesEnabled -> c
    boolean hardcoreEnabled -> d
    WorldType terrainType -> e
    boolean commandsAllowed -> f
    boolean bonusChestEnabled -> g
    java.lang.String worldName -> h
net.minecraft.src.WorldSettings$GameType -> adp$a:
    WorldSettings$GameType NOT_SET -> a
    WorldSettings$GameType SURVIVAL -> b
    WorldSettings$GameType CREATIVE -> c
    WorldSettings$GameType ADVENTURE -> d
    WorldSettings$GameType SPECTATOR -> e
    int id -> f
    java.lang.String name -> g
    WorldSettings$GameType[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.IBlockAccess -> adq:
net.minecraft.src.WorldType -> adr:
    WorldType[] worldTypes -> a
    WorldType DEFAULT -> b
    WorldType FLAT -> c
    WorldType LARGE_BIOMES -> d
    WorldType AMPLIFIED -> e
    WorldType CUSTOMIZED -> f
    WorldType DEBUG_WORLD -> g
    WorldType DEFAULT_1_1 -> h
    int worldTypeId -> i
    java.lang.String worldType -> j
    int generatorVersion -> k
    boolean canBeCreated -> l
    boolean isWorldTypeVersioned -> m
    boolean hasNotificationData -> n
net.minecraft.src.EnumSkyBlock -> ads:
    EnumSkyBlock SKY -> a
    EnumSkyBlock BLOCK -> b
    int defaultLightValue -> c
    EnumSkyBlock[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.SpawnerAnimals -> adt:
    int MOB_COUNT_DIV -> a
    java.util.Set eligibleChunksForSpawning -> b
net.minecraft.src.Teleporter -> adu:
    WorldServer worldServerInstance -> a
    java.util.Random random -> b
    LongHashMap destinationCoordinateCache -> c
    java.util.List destinationCoordinateKeys -> d
net.minecraft.src.Teleporter$PortalPosition -> adu$a:
    long lastUpdateTime -> c
    Teleporter field_85088_e -> d
net.minecraft.src.ChunkCache -> adv:
    int chunkX -> a
    int chunkZ -> b
    Chunk[][] chunkArray -> c
    boolean hasExtendedLevels -> d
    World worldObj -> e
net.minecraft.src.NextTickListEntry -> adw:
    BlockPos position -> a
    long scheduledTime -> b
    int priority -> c
    long nextTickEntryID -> d
    Block block -> e
    long tickEntryID -> f
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenBeach -> adx:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenBase -> ady:
    BiomeGenBase frozenRiver -> A
    BiomeGenBase icePlains -> B
    BiomeGenBase iceMountains -> C
    BiomeGenBase mushroomIsland -> D
    BiomeGenBase mushroomIslandShore -> E
    BiomeGenBase beach -> F
    BiomeGenBase desertHills -> G
    BiomeGenBase forestHills -> H
    BiomeGenBase taigaHills -> I
    BiomeGenBase extremeHillsEdge -> J
    BiomeGenBase jungle -> K
    BiomeGenBase jungleHills -> L
    BiomeGenBase jungleEdge -> M
    BiomeGenBase deepOcean -> N
    BiomeGenBase stoneBeach -> O
    BiomeGenBase coldBeach -> P
    BiomeGenBase birchForest -> Q
    BiomeGenBase birchForestHills -> R
    BiomeGenBase roofedForest -> S
    BiomeGenBase coldTaiga -> T
    BiomeGenBase coldTaigaHills -> U
    BiomeGenBase megaTaiga -> V
    BiomeGenBase megaTaigaHills -> W
    BiomeGenBase extremeHillsPlus -> X
    BiomeGenBase savanna -> Y
    BiomeGenBase savannaPlateau -> Z
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_Default -> a
    WorldGenTrees worldGeneratorTrees -> aA
    WorldGenBigTree worldGeneratorBigTree -> aB
    WorldGenSwamp worldGeneratorSwamp -> aC
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> aD
    BiomeGenBase[] biomeList -> aE
    BiomeGenBase mesa -> aa
    BiomeGenBase mesaPlateau_F -> ab
    BiomeGenBase mesaPlateau -> ac
    BiomeGenBase field_180279_ad -> ad
    NoiseGeneratorPerlin temperatureNoise -> ae
    NoiseGeneratorPerlin GRASS_COLOR_NOISE -> af
    WorldGenDoublePlant DOUBLE_PLANT_GENERATOR -> ag
    java.lang.String biomeName -> ah
    int color -> ai
    int field_150609_ah -> aj
    IBlockState topBlock -> ak
    IBlockState fillerBlock -> al
    int fillerBlockMetadata -> am
    float minHeight -> an
    float maxHeight -> ao
    float temperature -> ap
    float rainfall -> aq
    int waterColorMultiplier -> ar
    BiomeDecorator theBiomeDecorator -> as
    java.util.List spawnableMonsterList -> at
    java.util.List spawnableCreatureList -> au
    java.util.List spawnableWaterCreatureList -> av
    java.util.List spawnableCaveCreatureList -> aw
    boolean enableSnow -> ax
    boolean enableRain -> ay
    int biomeID -> az
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_ShallowWaters -> b
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_Oceans -> c
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_DeepOceans -> d
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_LowPlains -> e
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_MidPlains -> f
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_LowHills -> g
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_HighPlateaus -> h
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_MidHills -> i
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_Shores -> j
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_RockyWaters -> k
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_LowIslands -> l
    BiomeGenBase$Height height_PartiallySubmerged -> m
    java.util.Set explorationBiomesList -> n
    java.util.Map BIOME_ID_MAP -> o
    BiomeGenBase ocean -> p
    BiomeGenBase plains -> q
    BiomeGenBase desert -> r
    BiomeGenBase extremeHills -> s
    BiomeGenBase forest -> t
    BiomeGenBase taiga -> u
    BiomeGenBase swampland -> v
    BiomeGenBase river -> w
    BiomeGenBase hell -> x
    BiomeGenBase sky -> y
    BiomeGenBase frozenOcean -> z
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenBase$1 -> ady$1:
    int[] field_180275_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenBase$Height -> ady$a:
    float rootHeight -> a
    float variation -> b
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenBase$TempCategory -> ady$b:
    BiomeGenBase$TempCategory OCEAN -> a
    BiomeGenBase$TempCategory COLD -> b
    BiomeGenBase$TempCategory MEDIUM -> c
    BiomeGenBase$TempCategory WARM -> d
    BiomeGenBase$TempCategory[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry -> ady$c:
    java.lang.Class entityClass -> b
    int minGroupCount -> c
    int maxGroupCount -> d
net.minecraft.src.BiomeCache -> adz:
    WorldChunkManager chunkManager -> a
    long lastCleanupTime -> b
    LongHashMap cacheMap -> c
    java.util.List cache -> d
net.minecraft.src.BiomeCache$Block -> adz$a:
    float[] rainfallValues -> a
    BiomeGenBase[] biomes -> b
    int xPosition -> c
    int zPosition -> d
    long lastAccessTime -> e
    BiomeCache field_76887_g -> f
net.minecraft.src.CommandXP -> ae:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeColorHelper -> aea:
    BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver GRASS_COLOR -> a
    BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver FOLIAGE_COLOR -> b
    BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver WATER_COLOR_MULTIPLIER -> c
net.minecraft.src.BiomeColorHelper$1 -> aea$1:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeColorHelper$2 -> aea$2:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeColorHelper$3 -> aea$3:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver -> aea$a:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeDecorator -> aeb:
    int treesPerChunk -> A
    int flowersPerChunk -> B
    int grassPerChunk -> C
    int deadBushPerChunk -> D
    int mushroomsPerChunk -> E
    int reedsPerChunk -> F
    int cactiPerChunk -> G
    int sandPerChunk -> H
    int sandPerChunk2 -> I
    int clayPerChunk -> J
    int bigMushroomsPerChunk -> K
    boolean generateLakes -> L
    World currentWorld -> a
    java.util.Random randomGenerator -> b
    BlockPos field_180294_c -> c
    ChunkProviderSettings chunkProviderSettings -> d
    WorldGenerator clayGen -> e
    WorldGenerator sandGen -> f
    WorldGenerator gravelAsSandGen -> g
    WorldGenerator dirtGen -> h
    WorldGenerator gravelGen -> i
    WorldGenerator graniteGen -> j
    WorldGenerator dioriteGen -> k
    WorldGenerator andesiteGen -> l
    WorldGenerator coalGen -> m
    WorldGenerator ironGen -> n
    WorldGenerator goldGen -> o
    WorldGenerator redstoneGen -> p
    WorldGenerator diamondGen -> q
    WorldGenerator lapisGen -> r
    WorldGenFlowers yellowFlowerGen -> s
    WorldGenerator mushroomBrownGen -> t
    WorldGenerator mushroomRedGen -> u
    WorldGenerator bigMushroomGen -> v
    WorldGenerator reedGen -> w
    WorldGenerator cactusGen -> x
    WorldGenerator waterlilyGen -> y
    int waterlilyPerChunk -> z
net.minecraft.src.WorldChunkManager -> aec:
    GenLayer genBiomes -> b
    GenLayer biomeIndexLayer -> c
    BiomeCache biomeCache -> d
    java.util.List biomesToSpawnIn -> e
    java.lang.String generatorOptions -> f
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenDesert -> aed:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenHills -> aee:
    WorldGenerator theWorldGenerator -> aD
    WorldGenTaiga2 field_150634_aD -> aE
    int field_150635_aE -> aF
    int field_150636_aF -> aG
    int field_150637_aG -> aH
    int field_150638_aH -> aI
net.minecraft.src.WorldChunkManagerHell -> aef:
    BiomeGenBase biomeGenerator -> b
    float rainfall -> c
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenForest -> aeg:
    WorldGenForest field_150629_aC -> aD
    WorldGenForest field_150630_aD -> aE
    WorldGenCanopyTree field_150631_aE -> aF
    int field_150632_aF -> aG
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenForest$2 -> aeg$1:
    BiomeGenForest field_150612_aC -> aD
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenForest$1 -> aeg$2:
    BiomeGenForest field_150613_aC -> aD
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenHell -> aeh:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenSnow -> aei:
    boolean field_150615_aC -> aD
    WorldGenIceSpike field_150616_aD -> aE
    WorldGenIcePath field_150617_aE -> aF
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenJungle -> aej:
    boolean field_150614_aC -> aD
    IBlockState field_181620_aE -> aE
    IBlockState field_181621_aF -> aF
    IBlockState field_181622_aG -> aG
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenMesa -> aek:
    IBlockState[] field_150621_aC -> aD
    long field_150622_aD -> aE
    NoiseGeneratorPerlin field_150623_aE -> aF
    NoiseGeneratorPerlin field_150624_aF -> aG
    NoiseGeneratorPerlin field_150625_aG -> aH
    boolean field_150626_aH -> aI
    boolean field_150620_aI -> aJ
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenMushroomIsland -> ael:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenMutated -> aem:
    BiomeGenBase baseBiome -> aE
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenOcean -> aen:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenPlains -> aeo:
    boolean field_150628_aC -> aD
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenRiver -> aeq:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenSavanna -> aer:
    WorldGenSavannaTree field_150627_aC -> aD
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenSavanna$Mutated -> aer$a:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenStoneBeach -> aes:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenSwamp -> aet:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenTaiga -> aeu:
    WorldGenTaiga1 field_150639_aC -> aD
    WorldGenTaiga2 field_150640_aD -> aE
    WorldGenMegaPineTree field_150641_aE -> aF
    WorldGenMegaPineTree field_150642_aF -> aG
    WorldGenBlockBlob field_150643_aG -> aH
    int field_150644_aH -> aI
net.minecraft.src.BiomeGenEnd -> aev:
net.minecraft.src.BiomeEndDecorator -> aew:
    WorldGenerator spikeGen -> M
net.minecraft.src.BlockAir -> aey:
net.minecraft.src.BlockAnvil -> aez:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyInteger DAMAGE -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockAnvil$Anvil -> aez$a:
    World world -> a
    BlockPos position -> b
net.minecraft.src.CommandFill -> af:
net.minecraft.src.BlockBanner -> afa:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyInteger ROTATION -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockBanner$1 -> afa$1:
    int[] field_180370_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding -> afa$a:
net.minecraft.src.BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging -> afa$b:
net.minecraft.src.BlockBarrier -> afb:
net.minecraft.src.BlockContainer -> afc:
net.minecraft.src.BlockBasePressurePlate -> afd:
net.minecraft.src.BlockRailBase -> afe:
    boolean isPowered -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockRailBase$1 -> afe$1:
    int[] field_180371_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockRailBase$Rail -> afe$a:
    BlockRailBase field_150662_a -> a
    World world -> b
    BlockPos pos -> c
    BlockRailBase block -> d
    IBlockState state -> e
    boolean isPowered -> f
    java.util.List field_150657_g -> g
net.minecraft.src.BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection -> afe$b:
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection NORTH_SOUTH -> a
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection EAST_WEST -> b
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection ASCENDING_EAST -> c
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection ASCENDING_WEST -> d
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection ASCENDING_NORTH -> e
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection ASCENDING_SOUTH -> f
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection SOUTH_EAST -> g
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection SOUTH_WEST -> h
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection NORTH_WEST -> i
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection NORTH_EAST -> j
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection[] META_LOOKUP -> k
    int meta -> l
    java.lang.String name -> m
    BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection[] $VALUES -> n
net.minecraft.src.BlockBeacon -> aff:
net.minecraft.src.BlockBeacon$1 -> aff$1:
    World field_180358_a -> a
    BlockPos field_180357_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockBeacon$1$1 -> aff$1$1:
    BlockPos field_180369_a -> a
    BlockBeacon$1 field_180368_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockBed -> afg:
    PropertyEnum PART -> a
    PropertyBool OCCUPIED -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockBed$EnumPartType -> afg$a:
    BlockBed$EnumPartType HEAD -> a
    BlockBed$EnumPartType FOOT -> b
    java.lang.String name -> c
    BlockBed$EnumPartType[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.Block -> afh:
    boolean isBlockContainer -> A
    double minX -> B
    double minY -> C
    double minZ -> D
    double maxX -> E
    double maxY -> F
    double maxZ -> G
    Block$SoundType stepSound -> H
    float blockParticleGravity -> I
    Material blockMaterial -> J
    MapColor blockMapColor -> K
    float slipperiness -> L
    BlockState blockState -> M
    IBlockState defaultBlockState -> N
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> O
    ResourceLocation AIR_ID -> a
    CreativeTabs displayOnCreativeTab -> b
    RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey blockRegistry -> c
    ObjectIntIdentityMap BLOCK_STATE_IDS -> d
    Block$SoundType soundTypeStone -> e
    Block$SoundType soundTypeWood -> f
    Block$SoundType soundTypeGravel -> g
    Block$SoundType soundTypeGrass -> h
    Block$SoundType soundTypePiston -> i
    Block$SoundType soundTypeMetal -> j
    Block$SoundType soundTypeGlass -> k
    Block$SoundType soundTypeCloth -> l
    Block$SoundType soundTypeSand -> m
    Block$SoundType soundTypeSnow -> n
    Block$SoundType soundTypeLadder -> o
    Block$SoundType soundTypeAnvil -> p
    Block$SoundType SLIME_SOUND -> q
    boolean fullBlock -> r
    int lightOpacity -> s
    boolean translucent -> t
    int lightValue -> u
    boolean useNeighborBrightness -> v
    float blockHardness -> w
    float blockResistance -> x
    boolean enableStats -> y
    boolean needsRandomTick -> z
net.minecraft.src.Block$1 -> afh$1:
net.minecraft.src.Block$2 -> afh$2:
net.minecraft.src.Block$3 -> afh$3:
net.minecraft.src.Block$4 -> afh$4:
net.minecraft.src.Block$EnumOffsetType -> afh$a:
    Block$EnumOffsetType NONE -> a
    Block$EnumOffsetType XZ -> b
    Block$EnumOffsetType XYZ -> c
    Block$EnumOffsetType[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.Block$SoundType -> afh$b:
    java.lang.String soundName -> a
    float volume -> b
    float frequency -> c
net.minecraft.src.Blocks -> afi:
    Block sandstone -> A
    Block noteblock -> B
    Block bed -> C
    Block golden_rail -> D
    Block detector_rail -> E
    BlockPistonBase sticky_piston -> F
    Block web -> G
    BlockTallGrass tallgrass -> H
    BlockDeadBush deadbush -> I
    BlockPistonBase piston -> J
    BlockPistonExtension piston_head -> K
    Block wool -> L
    BlockPistonMoving piston_extension -> M
    BlockFlower yellow_flower -> N
    BlockFlower red_flower -> O
    BlockBush brown_mushroom -> P
    BlockBush red_mushroom -> Q
    Block gold_block -> R
    Block iron_block -> S
    BlockSlab double_stone_slab -> T
    BlockSlab stone_slab -> U
    Block brick_block -> V
    Block tnt -> W
    Block bookshelf -> X
    Block mossy_cobblestone -> Y
    Block obsidian -> Z
    Block air -> a
    Block iron_door -> aA
    Block wooden_pressure_plate -> aB
    Block redstone_ore -> aC
    Block lit_redstone_ore -> aD
    Block unlit_redstone_torch -> aE
    Block redstone_torch -> aF
    Block stone_button -> aG
    Block snow_layer -> aH
    Block ice -> aI
    Block snow -> aJ
    BlockCactus cactus -> aK
    Block clay -> aL
    BlockReed reeds -> aM
    Block jukebox -> aN
    Block oak_fence -> aO
    Block spruce_fence -> aP
    Block birch_fence -> aQ
    Block jungle_fence -> aR
    Block dark_oak_fence -> aS
    Block acacia_fence -> aT
    Block pumpkin -> aU
    Block netherrack -> aV
    Block soul_sand -> aW
    Block glowstone -> aX
    BlockPortal portal -> aY
    Block lit_pumpkin -> aZ
    Block torch -> aa
    BlockFire fire -> ab
    Block mob_spawner -> ac
    Block oak_stairs -> ad
    BlockChest chest -> ae
    BlockRedstoneWire redstone_wire -> af
    Block diamond_ore -> ag
    Block diamond_block -> ah
    Block crafting_table -> ai
    Block wheat -> aj
    Block farmland -> ak
    Block furnace -> al
    Block lit_furnace -> am
    Block standing_sign -> an
    Block oak_door -> ao
    Block spruce_door -> ap
    Block birch_door -> aq
    Block jungle_door -> ar
    Block acacia_door -> as
    Block dark_oak_door -> at
    Block ladder -> au
    Block rail -> av
    Block stone_stairs -> aw
    Block wall_sign -> ax
    Block lever -> ay
    Block stone_pressure_plate -> az
    Block stone -> b
    Block nether_brick_stairs -> bA
    Block nether_wart -> bB
    Block enchanting_table -> bC
    Block brewing_stand -> bD
    BlockCauldron cauldron -> bE
    Block end_portal -> bF
    Block end_portal_frame -> bG
    Block end_stone -> bH
    Block dragon_egg -> bI
    Block redstone_lamp -> bJ
    Block lit_redstone_lamp -> bK
    BlockSlab double_wooden_slab -> bL
    BlockSlab wooden_slab -> bM
    Block cocoa -> bN
    Block sandstone_stairs -> bO
    Block emerald_ore -> bP
    Block ender_chest -> bQ
    BlockTripWireHook tripwire_hook -> bR
    Block tripwire -> bS
    Block emerald_block -> bT
    Block spruce_stairs -> bU
    Block birch_stairs -> bV
    Block jungle_stairs -> bW
    Block command_block -> bX
    BlockBeacon beacon -> bY
    Block cobblestone_wall -> bZ
    Block cake -> ba
    BlockRedstoneRepeater unpowered_repeater -> bb
    BlockRedstoneRepeater powered_repeater -> bc
    Block trapdoor -> bd
    Block monster_egg -> be
    Block stonebrick -> bf
    Block brown_mushroom_block -> bg
    Block red_mushroom_block -> bh
    Block iron_bars -> bi
    Block glass_pane -> bj
    Block melon_block -> bk
    Block pumpkin_stem -> bl
    Block melon_stem -> bm
    Block vine -> bn
    Block oak_fence_gate -> bo
    Block spruce_fence_gate -> bp
    Block birch_fence_gate -> bq
    Block jungle_fence_gate -> br
    Block dark_oak_fence_gate -> bs
    Block acacia_fence_gate -> bt
    Block brick_stairs -> bu
    Block stone_brick_stairs -> bv
    BlockMycelium mycelium -> bw
    Block waterlily -> bx
    Block nether_brick -> by
    Block nether_brick_fence -> bz
    BlockGrass grass -> c
    Block coal_block -> cA
    Block packed_ice -> cB
    Block acacia_stairs -> cC
    Block dark_oak_stairs -> cD
    Block slime_block -> cE
    BlockDoublePlant double_plant -> cF
    BlockStainedGlass stained_glass -> cG
    BlockStainedGlassPane stained_glass_pane -> cH
    Block prismarine -> cI
    Block sea_lantern -> cJ
    Block standing_banner -> cK
    Block wall_banner -> cL
    Block red_sandstone -> cM
    Block red_sandstone_stairs -> cN
    BlockSlab double_stone_slab2 -> cO
    BlockSlab stone_slab2 -> cP
    Block flower_pot -> ca
    Block carrots -> cb
    Block potatoes -> cc
    Block wooden_button -> cd
    BlockSkull skull -> ce
    Block anvil -> cf
    Block trapped_chest -> cg
    Block light_weighted_pressure_plate -> ch
    Block heavy_weighted_pressure_plate -> ci
    BlockRedstoneComparator unpowered_comparator -> cj
    BlockRedstoneComparator powered_comparator -> ck
    BlockDaylightDetector daylight_detector -> cl
    BlockDaylightDetector daylight_detector_inverted -> cm
    Block redstone_block -> cn
    Block quartz_ore -> co
    BlockHopper hopper -> cp
    Block quartz_block -> cq
    Block quartz_stairs -> cr
    Block activator_rail -> cs
    Block dropper -> ct
    Block stained_hardened_clay -> cu
    Block barrier -> cv
    Block iron_trapdoor -> cw
    Block hay_block -> cx
    Block carpet -> cy
    Block hardened_clay -> cz
    Block dirt -> d
    Block cobblestone -> e
    Block planks -> f
    Block sapling -> g
    Block bedrock -> h
    BlockDynamicLiquid flowing_water -> i
    BlockStaticLiquid water -> j
    BlockDynamicLiquid flowing_lava -> k
    BlockStaticLiquid lava -> l
    BlockSand sand -> m
    Block gravel -> n
    Block gold_ore -> o
    Block iron_ore -> p
    Block coal_ore -> q
    Block log -> r
    Block log2 -> s
    BlockLeaves leaves -> t
    BlockLeaves leaves2 -> u
    Block sponge -> v
    Block glass -> w
    Block lapis_ore -> x
    Block lapis_block -> y
    Block dispenser -> z
net.minecraft.src.IGrowable -> afj:
net.minecraft.src.BlockBookshelf -> afk:
net.minecraft.src.BlockBrewingStand -> afl:
    PropertyBool[] HAS_BOTTLE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockBush -> afm:
net.minecraft.src.BlockButton -> afn:
    boolean wooden -> N
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyBool POWERED -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockButton$1 -> afn$1:
    int[] field_180420_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockCactus -> afo:
    PropertyInteger AGE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockCake -> afp:
    PropertyInteger BITES -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockCarrot -> afq:
net.minecraft.src.BlockCauldron -> afr:
    PropertyInteger LEVEL -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockChest -> afs:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    int chestType -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockClay -> aft:
net.minecraft.src.BlockCocoa -> afu:
    PropertyInteger AGE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockCocoa$1 -> afu$1:
    int[] field_180415_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockColored -> afv:
    PropertyEnum COLOR -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockCommandBlock -> afw:
    PropertyBool TRIGGERED -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneComparator -> afx:
    PropertyBool POWERED -> a
    PropertyEnum MODE -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneComparator$1 -> afx$1:
    EnumFacing field_180418_a -> a
    BlockRedstoneComparator field_180417_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode -> afx$a:
    BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode COMPARE -> a
    BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode SUBTRACT -> b
    java.lang.String name -> c
    BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.BlockWorkbench -> afy:
net.minecraft.src.BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable -> afy$a:
    World world -> a
    BlockPos position -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockCrops -> afz:
    PropertyInteger AGE -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandDifficulty -> ag:
net.minecraft.src.BlockDaylightDetector -> aga:
    PropertyInteger POWER -> a
    boolean inverted -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockDeadBush -> agb:
net.minecraft.src.BlockRailDetector -> agc:
    PropertyBool POWERED -> N
    PropertyEnum SHAPE -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockRailDetector$1 -> agc$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneDiode -> agd:
    boolean isRepeaterPowered -> N
net.minecraft.src.BlockDirectional -> age:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> O
net.minecraft.src.BlockDirt -> agf:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
    PropertyBool SNOWY -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockDirt$DirtType -> agf$a:
    BlockDirt$DirtType DIRT -> a
    BlockDirt$DirtType COARSE_DIRT -> b
    BlockDirt$DirtType PODZOL -> c
    BlockDirt$DirtType[] METADATA_LOOKUP -> d
    int metadata -> e
    java.lang.String name -> f
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> g
    MapColor field_181067_h -> h
    BlockDirt$DirtType[] $VALUES -> i
net.minecraft.src.BlockDispenser -> agg:
    RegistryDefaulted dispenseBehaviorRegistry -> N
    java.util.Random rand -> O
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyBool TRIGGERED -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockDoor -> agh:
    PropertyEnum HINGE -> N
    PropertyBool POWERED -> O
    PropertyEnum HALF -> P
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyBool OPEN -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf -> agh$a:
    BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf UPPER -> a
    BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf LOWER -> b
    BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition -> agh$b:
    BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition LEFT -> a
    BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition RIGHT -> b
    BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockDoublePlant -> agi:
    PropertyEnum FACING -> N
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
    PropertyEnum HALF -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf -> agi$a:
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf UPPER -> a
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf LOWER -> b
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType -> agi$b:
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType SUNFLOWER -> a
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType SYRINGA -> b
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType GRASS -> c
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType FERN -> d
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType ROSE -> e
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType PAEONIA -> f
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType[] META_LOOKUP -> g
    int meta -> h
    java.lang.String name -> i
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> j
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType[] $VALUES -> k
net.minecraft.src.BlockDragonEgg -> agj:
net.minecraft.src.BlockDropper -> agk:
    IBehaviorDispenseItem dropBehavior -> P
net.minecraft.src.BlockDynamicLiquid -> agl:
    int adjacentSourceBlocks -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockEnchantmentTable -> agm:
net.minecraft.src.BlockEndPortal -> agn:
net.minecraft.src.BlockEndPortalFrame -> ago:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyBool EYE -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockEnderChest -> agp:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
net.minecraft.src.ITileEntityProvider -> agq:
net.minecraft.src.BlockFalling -> agr:
    boolean fallInstantly -> N
net.minecraft.src.BlockFarmland -> ags:
    PropertyInteger MOISTURE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockFarmland$1 -> ags$1:
    int[] field_181625_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockFence -> agt:
    PropertyBool SOUTH -> N
    PropertyBool WEST -> O
    PropertyBool NORTH -> a
    PropertyBool EAST -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockFenceGate -> agu:
    PropertyBool IN_WALL -> N
    PropertyBool OPEN -> a
    PropertyBool POWERED -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockFire -> agv:
    PropertyBool ALT -> N
    PropertyBool NORTH -> O
    PropertyBool EAST -> P
    PropertyBool SOUTH -> Q
    PropertyBool WEST -> R
    PropertyInteger UPPER -> S
    java.util.Map encouragements -> T
    java.util.Map flammabilities -> U
    PropertyInteger AGE -> a
    PropertyBool FLIP -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockFlower -> agw:
    PropertyEnum type -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockFlower$1 -> agw$1:
    BlockFlower field_180355_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType -> agw$a:
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType DANDELION -> a
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType POPPY -> b
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType BLUE_ORCHID -> c
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType ALLIUM -> d
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType HOUSTONIA -> e
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType RED_TULIP -> f
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType ORANGE_TULIP -> g
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType WHITE_TULIP -> h
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType PINK_TULIP -> i
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType OXEYE_DAISY -> j
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType[][] TYPES_FOR_BLOCK -> k
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor blockType -> l
    int meta -> m
    java.lang.String name -> n
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> o
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType[] $VALUES -> p
net.minecraft.src.BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1 -> agw$a$1:
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor field_180351_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor -> agw$b:
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor YELLOW -> a
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor RED -> b
    BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockFlowerPot -> agx:
    PropertyInteger LEGACY_DATA -> a
    PropertyEnum CONTENTS -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockFlowerPot$1 -> agx$1:
    int[] field_180353_a -> a
    int[] field_180352_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType -> agx$a:
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType EMPTY -> a
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType POPPY -> b
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType BLUE_ORCHID -> c
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType ALLIUM -> d
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType HOUSTONIA -> e
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType RED_TULIP -> f
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType ORANGE_TULIP -> g
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType WHITE_TULIP -> h
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType PINK_TULIP -> i
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType OXEYE_DAISY -> j
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType DANDELION -> k
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType OAK_SAPLING -> l
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType SPRUCE_SAPLING -> m
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType BIRCH_SAPLING -> n
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType JUNGLE_SAPLING -> o
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType ACACIA_SAPLING -> p
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType DARK_OAK_SAPLING -> q
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType MUSHROOM_RED -> r
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType MUSHROOM_BROWN -> s
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType DEAD_BUSH -> t
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType FERN -> u
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType CACTUS -> v
    java.lang.String name -> w
    BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType[] $VALUES -> x
net.minecraft.src.BlockDoubleStoneSlabNew -> agy:
net.minecraft.src.BlockDoubleStoneSlab -> agz:
net.minecraft.src.CommandGameMode -> ah:
net.minecraft.src.BlockDoubleWoodSlab -> aha:
net.minecraft.src.BlockFurnace -> ahb:
    boolean keepInventory -> N
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    boolean isBurning -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockFurnace$1 -> ahb$1:
    int[] field_180356_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockGlass -> ahc:
net.minecraft.src.BlockGlowstone -> ahd:
net.minecraft.src.BlockGrass -> ahe:
    PropertyBool SNOWY -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockGravel -> ahf:
net.minecraft.src.BlockHalfStoneSlabNew -> ahg:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSlab -> ahh:
    PropertyEnum HALF -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf -> ahh$a:
    BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf TOP -> a
    BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf BOTTOM -> b
    java.lang.String name -> c
    BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.BlockHalfStoneSlab -> ahi:
net.minecraft.src.BlockBreakable -> ahj:
    boolean ignoreSimilarity -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockHalfWoodSlab -> ahk:
net.minecraft.src.BlockHardenedClay -> ahl:
net.minecraft.src.BlockHay -> ahm:
net.minecraft.src.BlockHopper -> ahn:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyBool ENABLED -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockHopper$1 -> ahn$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockHugeMushroom -> aho:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
    Block smallBlock -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockHugeMushroom$1 -> aho$1:
    int[] field_181092_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType -> aho$a:
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType NORTH_WEST -> a
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType NORTH -> b
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType NORTH_EAST -> c
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType WEST -> d
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType CENTER -> e
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType EAST -> f
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType SOUTH_WEST -> g
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType SOUTH -> h
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType SOUTH_EAST -> i
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType STEM -> j
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType ALL_INSIDE -> k
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType ALL_OUTSIDE -> l
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType ALL_STEM -> m
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> n
    int meta -> o
    java.lang.String name -> p
    BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType[] $VALUES -> q
net.minecraft.src.BlockIce -> ahp:
net.minecraft.src.BlockJukebox -> ahq:
    PropertyBool HAS_RECORD -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox -> ahq$a:
    ItemStack record -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockLadder -> ahr:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockLadder$1 -> ahr$1:
    int[] field_180190_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockLeaves -> ahs:
    int[] surroundings -> N
    int iconIndex -> O
    boolean isTransparent -> P
    PropertyBool DECAYABLE -> a
    PropertyBool CHECK_DECAY -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockLever -> ahu:
    PropertyEnum FACING -> a
    PropertyBool POWERED -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockLever$1 -> ahu$1:
    int[] field_180165_a -> a
    int[] field_180163_b -> b
    int[] field_180164_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockLever$EnumOrientation -> ahu$a:
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation DOWN_X -> a
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation EAST -> b
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation WEST -> c
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation SOUTH -> d
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation NORTH -> e
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation UP_Z -> f
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation UP_X -> g
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation DOWN_Z -> h
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation[] META_LOOKUP -> i
    int meta -> j
    java.lang.String name -> k
    EnumFacing facing -> l
    BlockLever$EnumOrientation[] $VALUES -> m
net.minecraft.src.BlockLiquid -> ahv:
    PropertyInteger LEVEL -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockLog -> ahw:
    PropertyEnum LOG_AXIS -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockLog$1 -> ahw$1:
    int[] field_180167_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockLog$EnumAxis -> ahw$a:
    BlockLog$EnumAxis X -> a
    BlockLog$EnumAxis Y -> b
    BlockLog$EnumAxis Z -> c
    BlockLog$EnumAxis NONE -> d
    java.lang.String name -> e
    BlockLog$EnumAxis[] $VALUES -> f
net.minecraft.src.BlockMelon -> ahx:
net.minecraft.src.BlockMobSpawner -> ahy:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSilverfish -> ahz:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockSilverfish$1 -> ahz$1:
    int[] field_180178_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockSilverfish$EnumType -> ahz$a:
    BlockSilverfish$EnumType STONE -> a
    BlockSilverfish$EnumType COBBLESTONE -> b
    BlockSilverfish$EnumType STONEBRICK -> c
    BlockSilverfish$EnumType MOSSY_STONEBRICK -> d
    BlockSilverfish$EnumType CRACKED_STONEBRICK -> e
    BlockSilverfish$EnumType CHISELED_STONEBRICK -> f
    BlockSilverfish$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> g
    int meta -> h
    java.lang.String name -> i
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> j
    BlockSilverfish$EnumType[] $VALUES -> k
net.minecraft.src.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$1 -> ahz$a$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$2 -> ahz$a$2:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$3 -> ahz$a$3:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$4 -> ahz$a$4:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$5 -> ahz$a$5:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$6 -> ahz$a$6:
net.minecraft.src.CommandGameRule -> ai:
net.minecraft.src.BlockMushroom -> aia:
net.minecraft.src.BlockMycelium -> aib:
    PropertyBool SNOWY -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockNetherBrick -> aic:
net.minecraft.src.BlockNetherWart -> aid:
    PropertyInteger AGE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockNetherrack -> aie:
net.minecraft.src.BlockNewLeaf -> aif:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> Q
net.minecraft.src.BlockNewLeaf$1 -> aif$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockNewLog -> aig:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockNewLog$1 -> aig$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockNewLog$2 -> aig$2:
    int[] field_181093_a -> a
    int[] field_180191_a -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockStoneSlabNew -> aih:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> N
    PropertyBool SEAMLESS -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType -> aih$a:
    BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType RED_SANDSTONE -> a
    BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> b
    int meta -> c
    java.lang.String name -> d
    MapColor field_181069_e -> e
    BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType[] $VALUES -> f
net.minecraft.src.BlockNote -> aii:
    java.util.List INSTRUMENTS -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockObsidian -> aij:
net.minecraft.src.BlockOldLeaf -> aik:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> Q
net.minecraft.src.BlockOldLeaf$1 -> aik$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockOldLog -> ail:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockOldLog$1 -> ail$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockOldLog$2 -> ail$2:
    int[] field_181094_a -> a
    int[] field_180203_a -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockOre -> aim:
net.minecraft.src.BlockPackedIce -> ain:
net.minecraft.src.BlockPlanks -> aio:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockPlanks$EnumType -> aio$a:
    BlockPlanks$EnumType OAK -> a
    BlockPlanks$EnumType SPRUCE -> b
    BlockPlanks$EnumType BIRCH -> c
    BlockPlanks$EnumType JUNGLE -> d
    BlockPlanks$EnumType ACACIA -> e
    BlockPlanks$EnumType DARK_OAK -> f
    BlockPlanks$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> g
    int meta -> h
    java.lang.String name -> i
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> j
    MapColor mapColor -> k
    BlockPlanks$EnumType[] $VALUES -> l
net.minecraft.src.BlockPortal -> aip:
    PropertyEnum AXIS -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockPortal$Size -> aip$a:
    World world -> a
    EnumFacing$Axis axis -> b
    EnumFacing field_150866_c -> c
    EnumFacing field_150863_d -> d
    int field_150864_e -> e
    BlockPos field_150861_f -> f
    int field_150862_g -> g
    int field_150868_h -> h
net.minecraft.src.BlockPotato -> aiq:
net.minecraft.src.BlockCompressedPowered -> air:
net.minecraft.src.BlockRailPowered -> ais:
    PropertyBool POWERED -> N
    PropertyEnum SHAPE -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockRailPowered$1 -> ais$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockRailPowered$2 -> ais$2:
    int[] field_180121_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockPressurePlate -> ait:
    PropertyBool POWERED -> a
    BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity sensitivity -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPressurePlate$1 -> ait$1:
    int[] field_180127_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity -> ait$a:
    BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity EVERYTHING -> a
    BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity MOBS -> b
    BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockPrismarine -> aiu:
    int BRICKS_META -> N
    int DARK_META -> O
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
    int ROUGH_META -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPrismarine$EnumType -> aiu$a:
    BlockPrismarine$EnumType ROUGH -> a
    BlockPrismarine$EnumType BRICKS -> b
    BlockPrismarine$EnumType DARK -> c
    BlockPrismarine$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> d
    int meta -> e
    java.lang.String name -> f
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> g
    BlockPrismarine$EnumType[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.BlockPumpkin -> aiv:
    BlockPattern golemBasePattern -> N
    BlockPattern golemPattern -> P
    com.google.common.base.Predicate field_181085_Q -> Q
    BlockPattern snowmanBasePattern -> a
    BlockPattern snowmanPattern -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPumpkin$1 -> aiv$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockQuartz -> aiw:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockQuartz$1 -> aiw$1:
    int[] field_180101_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockQuartz$EnumType -> aiw$a:
    BlockQuartz$EnumType DEFAULT -> a
    BlockQuartz$EnumType CHISELED -> b
    BlockQuartz$EnumType LINES_Y -> c
    BlockQuartz$EnumType LINES_X -> d
    BlockQuartz$EnumType LINES_Z -> e
    BlockQuartz$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> f
    int meta -> g
    java.lang.String field_176805_h -> h
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> i
    BlockQuartz$EnumType[] $VALUES -> j
net.minecraft.src.BlockRail -> aix:
    PropertyEnum SHAPE -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedFlower -> aiy:
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedSandstone -> aiz:
    PropertyEnum TYPE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedSandstone$EnumType -> aiz$a:
    BlockRedSandstone$EnumType DEFAULT -> a
    BlockRedSandstone$EnumType CHISELED -> b
    BlockRedSandstone$EnumType SMOOTH -> c
    BlockRedSandstone$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> d
    int meta -> e
    java.lang.String name -> f
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> g
    BlockRedSandstone$EnumType[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.CommandGive -> aj:
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneOre -> aja:
    boolean isOn -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneWire -> ajb:
    PropertyEnum SOUTH -> N
    PropertyEnum WEST -> O
    PropertyInteger POWER -> P
    boolean canProvidePower -> Q
    java.util.Set blocksNeedingUpdate -> R
    PropertyEnum NORTH -> a
    PropertyEnum EAST -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition -> ajb$a:
    BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition UP -> a
    BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition SIDE -> b
    BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition NONE -> c
    java.lang.String name -> d
    BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneLight -> ajc:
    boolean isOn -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneTorch -> ajd:
    boolean isOn -> N
    java.util.Map toggles -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneTorch$Toggle -> ajd$a:
    BlockPos pos -> a
    long time -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockReed -> aje:
    PropertyInteger AGE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockRedstoneRepeater -> ajf:
    PropertyBool LOCKED -> a
    PropertyInteger DELAY -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockRotatedPillar -> ajg:
    PropertyEnum AXIS -> N
net.minecraft.src.BlockSand -> ajh:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockSand$EnumType -> ajh$a:
    BlockSand$EnumType SAND -> a
    BlockSand$EnumType RED_SAND -> b
    BlockSand$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> c
    int meta -> d
    java.lang.String name -> e
    MapColor mapColor -> f
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> g
    BlockSand$EnumType[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.BlockSandStone -> aji:
    PropertyEnum TYPE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockSandStone$EnumType -> aji$a:
    BlockSandStone$EnumType DEFAULT -> a
    BlockSandStone$EnumType CHISELED -> b
    BlockSandStone$EnumType SMOOTH -> c
    BlockSandStone$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> d
    int metadata -> e
    java.lang.String name -> f
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> g
    BlockSandStone$EnumType[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.BlockSapling -> ajj:
    PropertyEnum TYPE -> a
    PropertyInteger STAGE -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockSapling$1 -> ajj$1:
    int[] field_177065_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockSeaLantern -> ajk:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSign -> ajl:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSkull -> ajm:
    com.google.common.base.Predicate IS_WITHER_SKELETON -> N
    BlockPattern witherBasePattern -> O
    BlockPattern witherPattern -> P
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyBool NODROP -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockSkull$1 -> ajm$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSkull$2 -> ajm$2:
    int[] field_177063_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockSlime -> ajn:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSnowBlock -> ajo:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSnow -> ajp:
    PropertyInteger LAYERS -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockSoulSand -> ajq:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSponge -> ajr:
    PropertyBool WET -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockStainedGlass -> ajs:
    PropertyEnum COLOR -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockStainedGlassPane -> ajt:
    PropertyEnum COLOR -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockStairs -> aju:
    PropertyEnum SHAPE -> N
    int[][] field_150150_a -> O
    Block modelBlock -> P
    IBlockState modelState -> Q
    boolean hasRaytraced -> R
    int rayTracePass -> S
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyEnum HALF -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockStairs$EnumHalf -> aju$a:
    BlockStairs$EnumHalf TOP -> a
    BlockStairs$EnumHalf BOTTOM -> b
    java.lang.String name -> c
    BlockStairs$EnumHalf[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.BlockStairs$EnumShape -> aju$b:
    BlockStairs$EnumShape STRAIGHT -> a
    BlockStairs$EnumShape INNER_LEFT -> b
    BlockStairs$EnumShape INNER_RIGHT -> c
    BlockStairs$EnumShape OUTER_LEFT -> d
    BlockStairs$EnumShape OUTER_RIGHT -> e
    java.lang.String name -> f
    BlockStairs$EnumShape[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.BlockStandingSign -> ajv:
    PropertyInteger ROTATION -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockStaticLiquid -> ajw:
net.minecraft.src.BlockStem -> ajx:
    Block crop -> N
    PropertyInteger AGE -> a
    PropertyDirection FACING -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockStem$1 -> ajx$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockStone -> ajy:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockStone$EnumType -> ajy$a:
    BlockStone$EnumType STONE -> a
    BlockStone$EnumType GRANITE -> b
    BlockStone$EnumType GRANITE_SMOOTH -> c
    BlockStone$EnumType DIORITE -> d
    BlockStone$EnumType DIORITE_SMOOTH -> e
    BlockStone$EnumType ANDESITE -> f
    BlockStone$EnumType ANDESITE_SMOOTH -> g
    BlockStone$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> h
    int meta -> i
    java.lang.String name -> j
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> k
    MapColor field_181073_l -> l
    BlockStone$EnumType[] $VALUES -> m
net.minecraft.src.BlockStoneBrick -> ajz:
    int MOSSY_META -> N
    int CRACKED_META -> O
    int CHISELED_META -> P
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> a
    int DEFAULT_META -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockStoneBrick$EnumType -> ajz$a:
    BlockStoneBrick$EnumType DEFAULT -> a
    BlockStoneBrick$EnumType MOSSY -> b
    BlockStoneBrick$EnumType CRACKED -> c
    BlockStoneBrick$EnumType CHISELED -> d
    BlockStoneBrick$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> e
    int meta -> f
    java.lang.String name -> g
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> h
    BlockStoneBrick$EnumType[] $VALUES -> i
net.minecraft.src.CommandHelp -> ak:
net.minecraft.src.BlockButtonStone -> aka:
net.minecraft.src.BlockStoneSlab -> akb:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> N
    PropertyBool SEAMLESS -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockStoneSlab$EnumType -> akb$a:
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType STONE -> a
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType SAND -> b
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType WOOD -> c
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType COBBLESTONE -> d
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType BRICK -> e
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType SMOOTHBRICK -> f
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType NETHERBRICK -> g
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType QUARTZ -> h
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> i
    int meta -> j
    MapColor field_181075_k -> k
    java.lang.String name -> l
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> m
    BlockStoneSlab$EnumType[] $VALUES -> n
net.minecraft.src.BlockTallGrass -> akc:
    PropertyEnum TYPE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockTallGrass$EnumType -> akc$a:
    BlockTallGrass$EnumType DEAD_BUSH -> a
    BlockTallGrass$EnumType GRASS -> b
    BlockTallGrass$EnumType FERN -> c
    BlockTallGrass$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> d
    int meta -> e
    java.lang.String name -> f
    BlockTallGrass$EnumType[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.BlockPane -> akd:
    PropertyBool EAST -> N
    PropertyBool SOUTH -> O
    PropertyBool WEST -> P
    boolean canDrop -> a
    PropertyBool NORTH -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockTNT -> ake:
    PropertyBool EXPLODE -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockTorch -> akf:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockTorch$1 -> akf$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockTorch$2 -> akf$2:
    int[] field_176609_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockLeavesBase -> akg:
    boolean fancyGraphics -> R
net.minecraft.src.BlockTrapDoor -> akh:
    PropertyEnum HALF -> N
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyBool OPEN -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockTrapDoor$1 -> akh$1:
    int[] field_177058_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf -> akh$a:
    BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf TOP -> a
    BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf BOTTOM -> b
    java.lang.String name -> c
    BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.BlockTripWire -> aki:
    PropertyBool ATTACHED -> N
    PropertyBool DISARMED -> O
    PropertyBool NORTH -> P
    PropertyBool EAST -> Q
    PropertyBool SOUTH -> R
    PropertyBool WEST -> S
    PropertyBool POWERED -> a
    PropertyBool SUSPENDED -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockTripWireHook -> akj:
    PropertyBool ATTACHED -> N
    PropertyBool SUSPENDED -> O
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyBool POWERED -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockTripWireHook$1 -> akj$1:
    int[] field_177056_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockVine -> akk:
    PropertyBool EAST -> N
    PropertyBool SOUTH -> O
    PropertyBool WEST -> P
    PropertyBool[] ALL_FACES -> Q
    PropertyBool UP -> a
    PropertyBool NORTH -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockVine$1 -> akk$1:
    int[] field_177057_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockWall -> akl:
    PropertyBool EAST -> N
    PropertyBool SOUTH -> O
    PropertyBool WEST -> P
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> Q
    PropertyBool UP -> a
    PropertyBool NORTH -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockWall$EnumType -> akl$a:
    BlockWall$EnumType NORMAL -> a
    BlockWall$EnumType MOSSY -> b
    BlockWall$EnumType[] META_LOOKUP -> c
    int meta -> d
    java.lang.String name -> e
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> f
    BlockWall$EnumType[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.BlockWallSign -> akm:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockWallSign$1 -> akm$1:
    int[] field_177331_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockLilyPad -> akn:
net.minecraft.src.BlockWeb -> ako:
net.minecraft.src.BlockPressurePlateWeighted -> akp:
    PropertyInteger POWER -> a
    int field_150068_a -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockButtonWood -> akq:
net.minecraft.src.BlockWoodSlab -> akr:
    PropertyEnum VARIANT -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockCarpet -> aks:
    PropertyEnum COLOR -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockYellowFlower -> akt:
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityBanner -> aku:
    int baseColor -> a
    NBTTagList patterns -> f
    boolean field_175119_g -> g
    java.util.List patternList -> h
    java.util.List colorList -> i
    java.lang.String patternResourceLocation -> j
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern -> aku$a:
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern HALF_VERTICAL -> A
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern HALF_HORIZONTAL -> B
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern HALF_VERTICAL_MIRROR -> C
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern HALF_HORIZONTAL_MIRROR -> D
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern BORDER -> E
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern CURLY_BORDER -> F
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern CREEPER -> G
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern GRADIENT -> H
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern GRADIENT_UP -> I
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern BRICKS -> J
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern SKULL -> K
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern FLOWER -> L
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern MOJANG -> M
    java.lang.String patternName -> N
    java.lang.String patternID -> O
    java.lang.String[] craftingLayers -> P
    ItemStack patternCraftingStack -> Q
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern[] $VALUES -> R
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern BASE -> a
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern SQUARE_BOTTOM_LEFT -> b
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern SQUARE_BOTTOM_RIGHT -> c
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern SQUARE_TOP_LEFT -> d
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern SQUARE_TOP_RIGHT -> e
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRIPE_BOTTOM -> f
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRIPE_TOP -> g
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRIPE_LEFT -> h
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRIPE_RIGHT -> i
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRIPE_CENTER -> j
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRIPE_MIDDLE -> k
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRIPE_DOWNRIGHT -> l
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRIPE_DOWNLEFT -> m
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRIPE_SMALL -> n
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern CROSS -> o
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern STRAIGHT_CROSS -> p
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern TRIANGLE_BOTTOM -> q
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern TRIANGLE_TOP -> r
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern TRIANGLES_BOTTOM -> s
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern TRIANGLES_TOP -> t
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern DIAGONAL_LEFT -> u
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern DIAGONAL_RIGHT -> v
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern DIAGONAL_LEFT_MIRROR -> w
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern DIAGONAL_RIGHT_MIRROR -> x
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern CIRCLE_MIDDLE -> y
    TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern RHOMBUS_MIDDLE -> z
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityBeacon -> akv:
    Potion[][] effectsList -> a
    java.util.List beamSegments -> f
    long beamRenderCounter -> g
    float field_146014_j -> h
    boolean isComplete -> i
    int levels -> j
    int primaryEffect -> k
    int secondaryEffect -> l
    ItemStack payment -> m
    java.lang.String customName -> n
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment -> akv$a:
    float[] colors -> a
    int height -> b
net.minecraft.src.TileEntity -> akw:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    World worldObj -> b
    BlockPos pos -> c
    boolean tileEntityInvalid -> d
    Block blockType -> e
    java.util.Map nameToClassMap -> f
    java.util.Map classToNameMap -> g
    int blockMetadata -> h
net.minecraft.src.TileEntity$1 -> akw$1:
    TileEntity field_150830_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntity$2 -> akw$2:
    TileEntity field_150832_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntity$3 -> akw$3:
    TileEntity field_150834_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityBrewingStand -> akx:
    int[] inputSlots -> a
    int[] outputSlots -> f
    ItemStack[] brewingItemStacks -> g
    int brewTime -> h
    boolean[] filledSlots -> i
    Item ingredientID -> j
    java.lang.String customName -> k
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityChest -> aky:
    boolean adjacentChestChecked -> a
    TileEntityChest adjacentChestZNeg -> f
    TileEntityChest adjacentChestXPos -> g
    TileEntityChest adjacentChestXNeg -> h
    TileEntityChest adjacentChestZPos -> i
    float lidAngle -> j
    float prevLidAngle -> k
    int numPlayersUsing -> l
    ItemStack[] chestContents -> m
    int ticksSinceSync -> n
    int cachedChestType -> o
    java.lang.String customName -> p
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityChest$1 -> aky$1:
    int[] field_177366_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityCommandBlock -> akz:
    CommandBlockLogic commandBlockLogic -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityCommandBlock$1 -> akz$1:
    TileEntityCommandBlock field_145767_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandServerKick -> al:
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityComparator -> ala:
    int outputSignal -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityDaylightDetector -> alb:
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityDispenser -> alc:
    java.lang.String customName -> a
    java.util.Random RNG -> f
    ItemStack[] stacks -> g
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityDropper -> ald:
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityEnchantmentTable -> ale:
    int tickCount -> a
    float pageFlip -> f
    float pageFlipPrev -> g
    float field_145932_k -> h
    float field_145929_l -> i
    float bookSpread -> j
    float bookSpreadPrev -> k
    float bookRotation -> l
    float bookRotationPrev -> m
    float field_145924_q -> n
    java.util.Random rand -> o
    java.lang.String customName -> p
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityEnderChest -> alf:
    float lidAngle -> a
    float prevLidAngle -> f
    int numPlayersUsing -> g
    int ticksSinceSync -> h
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityFlowerPot -> alg:
    Item flowerPotItem -> a
    int flowerPotData -> f
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityFurnace -> alh:
    int[] slotsTop -> a
    int[] slotsBottom -> f
    int[] slotsSides -> g
    ItemStack[] furnaceItemStacks -> h
    int furnaceBurnTime -> i
    int currentItemBurnTime -> j
    int cookTime -> k
    int totalCookTime -> l
    java.lang.String furnaceCustomName -> m
net.minecraft.src.IHopper -> ali:
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityHopper -> alj:
    ItemStack[] inventory -> a
    java.lang.String customName -> f
    int transferCooldown -> g
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityLockable -> alk:
    LockCode code -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityMobSpawner -> all:
    MobSpawnerBaseLogic spawnerLogic -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityMobSpawner$1 -> all$1:
    TileEntityMobSpawner field_150825_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityNote -> alm:
    byte note -> a
    boolean previousRedstoneState -> f
net.minecraft.src.TileEntitySign -> aln:
    IChatComponent[] signText -> a
    int lineBeingEdited -> f
    boolean isEditable -> g
    EntityPlayer player -> h
    CommandResultStats stats -> i
net.minecraft.src.TileEntitySign$1 -> aln$1:
    TileEntitySign field_174795_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntitySign$2 -> aln$2:
    EntityPlayer field_174797_a -> a
    TileEntitySign field_174796_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.TileEntitySkull -> alo:
    int skullType -> a
    int skullRotation -> f
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile playerProfile -> g
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityEndPortal -> alp:
net.minecraft.src.BlockPistonBase -> als:
    boolean isSticky -> N
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyBool EXTENDED -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPistonBase$1 -> als$1:
    int[] field_177243_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockPistonExtension -> alt:
    PropertyBool SHORT -> N
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyEnum TYPE -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPistonExtension$1 -> alt$1:
    int[] field_177247_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType -> alt$a:
    BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType DEFAULT -> a
    BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType STICKY -> b
    java.lang.String VARIANT -> c
    BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityPiston -> alu:
    IBlockState pistonState -> a
    EnumFacing pistonFacing -> f
    boolean extending -> g
    boolean shouldHeadBeRendered -> h
    float progress -> i
    float lastProgress -> j
    java.util.List field_174933_k -> k
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityPiston$1 -> alu$1:
    int[] field_177248_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockPistonMoving -> alv:
    PropertyDirection FACING -> a
    PropertyEnum TYPE -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPistonStructureHelper -> alw:
    World world -> a
    BlockPos pistonPos -> b
    BlockPos blockToMove -> c
    EnumFacing moveDirection -> d
    java.util.List toMove -> e
    java.util.List toDestroy -> f
net.minecraft.src.BlockStateBase -> aly:
    com.google.common.base.Joiner COMMA_JOINER -> a
    com.google.common.base.Function MAP_ENTRY_TO_STRING -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockStateBase$1 -> aly$1:
net.minecraft.src.IBlockState -> alz:
net.minecraft.src.CommandKill -> am:
net.minecraft.src.BlockState -> ama:
    com.google.common.base.Joiner COMMA_JOINER -> a
    com.google.common.base.Function GET_NAME_FUNC -> b
    Block block -> c
    com.google.common.collect.ImmutableList properties -> d
    com.google.common.collect.ImmutableList validStates -> e
net.minecraft.src.BlockState$1 -> ama$1:
net.minecraft.src.BlockState$2 -> ama$2:
    BlockState field_177549_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockState$StateImplementation -> ama$a:
    Block block -> a
    com.google.common.collect.ImmutableMap properties -> b
    com.google.common.collect.ImmutableTable propertyValueTable -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockWorldState -> amc:
    World world -> a
    BlockPos pos -> b
    boolean field_181628_c -> c
    IBlockState state -> d
    TileEntity tileEntity -> e
    boolean tileEntityInitialized -> f
net.minecraft.src.BlockWorldState$1 -> amc$1:
    com.google.common.base.Predicate field_177504_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockPattern -> amd:
    com.google.common.base.Predicate[][][] blockMatches -> a
    int fingerLength -> b
    int thumbLength -> c
    int palmLength -> d
net.minecraft.src.BlockPattern$CacheLoader -> amd$a:
    World world -> a
    boolean field_181626_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPattern$PatternHelper -> amd$b:
    BlockPos pos -> a
    EnumFacing finger -> b
    EnumFacing thumb -> c
    com.google.common.cache.LoadingCache lcache -> d
    int field_181120_e -> e
    int field_181121_f -> f
    int field_181122_g -> g
net.minecraft.src.FactoryBlockPattern -> ame:
    com.google.common.base.Joiner COMMA_JOIN -> a
    java.util.List depth -> b
    java.util.Map symbolMap -> c
    int aisleHeight -> d
    int rowWidth -> e
net.minecraft.src.BlockHelper -> amg:
    Block block -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockStateHelper -> amh:
    BlockState blockstate -> a
    java.util.Map propertyPredicates -> b
net.minecraft.src.PropertyHelper -> amj:
    java.lang.Class valueClass -> a
    java.lang.String name -> b
net.minecraft.src.PropertyBool -> amk:
    com.google.common.collect.ImmutableSet allowedValues -> a
net.minecraft.src.PropertyDirection -> aml:
net.minecraft.src.PropertyEnum -> amm:
    com.google.common.collect.ImmutableSet allowedValues -> a
    java.util.Map nameToValue -> b
net.minecraft.src.PropertyInteger -> amn:
    com.google.common.collect.ImmutableSet allowedValues -> a
net.minecraft.src.IProperty -> amo:
net.minecraft.src.IBorderListener -> amq:
net.minecraft.src.EnumBorderStatus -> amr:
    EnumBorderStatus GROWING -> a
    EnumBorderStatus SHRINKING -> b
    EnumBorderStatus STATIONARY -> c
    int id -> d
    EnumBorderStatus[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.WorldBorder -> ams:
    java.util.List listeners -> a
    double centerX -> b
    double centerZ -> c
    double startDiameter -> d
    double endDiameter -> e
    long endTime -> f
    long startTime -> g
    int worldSize -> h
    double damageAmount -> i
    double damageBuffer -> j
    int warningTime -> k
    int warningDistance -> l
net.minecraft.src.IChunkProvider -> amv:
net.minecraft.src.NibbleArray -> amw:
    byte[] data -> a
net.minecraft.src.EmptyChunk -> amx:
net.minecraft.src.Chunk -> amy:
    int xPosition -> a
    int zPosition -> b
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> c
    ExtendedBlockStorage[] storageArrays -> d
    byte[] blockBiomeArray -> e
    int[] precipitationHeightMap -> f
    boolean[] updateSkylightColumns -> g
    boolean isChunkLoaded -> h
    World worldObj -> i
    int[] heightMap -> j
    boolean isGapLightingUpdated -> k
    java.util.Map chunkTileEntityMap -> l
    ClassInheritanceMultiMap[] entityLists -> m
    boolean isTerrainPopulated -> n
    boolean isLightPopulated -> o
    boolean field_150815_m -> p
    boolean isModified -> q
    boolean hasEntities -> r
    long lastSaveTime -> s
    int heightMapMinimum -> t
    long inhabitedTime -> u
    int queuedLightChecks -> v
    java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentLinkedQueue tileEntityPosQueue -> w
net.minecraft.src.Chunk$1 -> amy$1:
    int field_150824_a -> a
    int field_150822_b -> b
    int field_150823_c -> c
    Chunk field_150821_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.Chunk$2 -> amy$2:
    BlockPos field_177457_a -> a
    Chunk field_177456_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Chunk$3 -> amy$3:
    BlockPos field_177450_a -> a
    Chunk field_177449_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType -> amy$a:
    Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType IMMEDIATE -> a
    Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType QUEUED -> b
    Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType CHECK -> c
    Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.ExtendedBlockStorage -> amz:
    int yBase -> a
    int blockRefCount -> b
    int tickRefCount -> c
    char[] data -> d
    NibbleArray blocklightArray -> e
    NibbleArray skylightArray -> f
net.minecraft.src.CommandListBans -> an:
net.minecraft.src.NibbleArrayReader -> ana:
    byte[] data -> a
    int depthBits -> b
    int depthBitsPlusFour -> c
net.minecraft.src.IChunkLoader -> and:
net.minecraft.src.ChunkLoader -> ang:
net.minecraft.src.ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData -> ang$a:
    long lastUpdated -> a
    boolean terrainPopulated -> b
    byte[] heightmap -> c
    NibbleArrayReader blockLight -> d
    NibbleArrayReader skyLight -> e
    NibbleArrayReader data -> f
    byte[] blocks -> g
    NBTTagList entities -> h
    NBTTagList tileEntities -> i
    NBTTagList tileTicks -> j
    int x -> k
    int z -> l
net.minecraft.src.RegionFile -> anh:
    byte[] emptySector -> a
    java.io.File fileName -> b
    java.io.RandomAccessFile dataFile -> c
    int[] offsets -> d
    int[] chunkTimestamps -> e
    java.util.List sectorFree -> f
    int sizeDelta -> g
    long lastModified -> h
net.minecraft.src.RegionFile$ChunkBuffer -> anh$a:
    RegionFile field_76724_a -> a
    int chunkX -> b
    int chunkZ -> c
net.minecraft.src.RegionFileCache -> ani:
    java.util.Map regionsByFilename -> a
net.minecraft.src.AnvilChunkLoader -> anj:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.Map chunksToRemove -> b
    java.util.Set pendingAnvilChunksCoordinates -> c
    java.io.File chunkSaveLocation -> d
    boolean field_183014_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.WorldProvider -> anm:
    float[] moonPhaseFactors -> a
    World worldObj -> b
    WorldChunkManager worldChunkMgr -> c
    boolean isHellWorld -> d
    boolean hasNoSky -> e
    float[] lightBrightnessTable -> f
    int dimensionId -> g
    WorldType terrainType -> h
    java.lang.String generatorSettings -> i
    float[] colorsSunriseSunset -> j
net.minecraft.src.WorldProviderHell -> ann:
net.minecraft.src.WorldProviderHell$1 -> ann$1:
    WorldProviderHell field_177764_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldProviderSurface -> ano:
net.minecraft.src.WorldProviderEnd -> anp:
net.minecraft.src.MapGenRavine -> anr:
    float[] field_75046_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.ChunkPrimer -> ans:
    short[] data -> a
    IBlockState defaultState -> b
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderSettings -> ant:
    boolean useWaterLakes -> A
    int waterLakeChance -> B
    boolean useLavaLakes -> C
    int lavaLakeChance -> D
    boolean useLavaOceans -> E
    int fixedBiome -> F
    int biomeSize -> G
    int riverSize -> H
    int dirtSize -> I
    int dirtCount -> J
    int dirtMinHeight -> K
    int dirtMaxHeight -> L
    int gravelSize -> M
    int gravelCount -> N
    int gravelMinHeight -> O
    int gravelMaxHeight -> P
    int graniteSize -> Q
    int graniteCount -> R
    int graniteMinHeight -> S
    int graniteMaxHeight -> T
    int dioriteSize -> U
    int dioriteCount -> V
    int dioriteMinHeight -> W
    int dioriteMaxHeight -> X
    int andesiteSize -> Y
    int andesiteCount -> Z
    float coordinateScale -> a
    int andesiteMinHeight -> aa
    int andesiteMaxHeight -> ab
    int coalSize -> ac
    int coalCount -> ad
    int coalMinHeight -> ae
    int coalMaxHeight -> af
    int ironSize -> ag
    int ironCount -> ah
    int ironMinHeight -> ai
    int ironMaxHeight -> aj
    int goldSize -> ak
    int goldCount -> al
    int goldMinHeight -> am
    int goldMaxHeight -> an
    int redstoneSize -> ao
    int redstoneCount -> ap
    int redstoneMinHeight -> aq
    int redstoneMaxHeight -> ar
    int diamondSize -> as
    int diamondCount -> at
    int diamondMinHeight -> au
    int diamondMaxHeight -> av
    int lapisSize -> aw
    int lapisCount -> ax
    int lapisCenterHeight -> ay
    int lapisSpread -> az
    float heightScale -> b
    float upperLimitScale -> c
    float lowerLimitScale -> d
    float depthNoiseScaleX -> e
    float depthNoiseScaleZ -> f
    float depthNoiseScaleExponent -> g
    float mainNoiseScaleX -> h
    float mainNoiseScaleY -> i
    float mainNoiseScaleZ -> j
    float baseSize -> k
    float stretchY -> l
    float biomeDepthWeight -> m
    float biomeDepthOffSet -> n
    float biomeScaleWeight -> o
    float biomeScaleOffset -> p
    int seaLevel -> q
    boolean useCaves -> r
    boolean useDungeons -> s
    int dungeonChance -> t
    boolean useStrongholds -> u
    boolean useVillages -> v
    boolean useMineShafts -> w
    boolean useTemples -> x
    boolean useMonuments -> y
    boolean useRavines -> z
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderSettings$1 -> ant$1:
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderSettings$Factory -> ant$a:
    boolean useRavines -> A
    boolean useWaterLakes -> B
    int waterLakeChance -> C
    boolean useLavaLakes -> D
    int lavaLakeChance -> E
    boolean useLavaOceans -> F
    int fixedBiome -> G
    int biomeSize -> H
    int riverSize -> I
    int dirtSize -> J
    int dirtCount -> K
    int dirtMinHeight -> L
    int dirtMaxHeight -> M
    int gravelSize -> N
    int gravelCount -> O
    int gravelMinHeight -> P
    int gravelMaxHeight -> Q
    int graniteSize -> R
    int graniteCount -> S
    int graniteMinHeight -> T
    int graniteMaxHeight -> U
    int dioriteSize -> V
    int dioriteCount -> W
    int dioriteMinHeight -> X
    int dioriteMaxHeight -> Y
    int andesiteSize -> Z
    com.google.gson.Gson JSON_ADAPTER -> a
    int lapisSpread -> aA
    int andesiteCount -> aa
    int andesiteMinHeight -> ab
    int andesiteMaxHeight -> ac
    int coalSize -> ad
    int coalCount -> ae
    int coalMinHeight -> af
    int coalMaxHeight -> ag
    int ironSize -> ah
    int ironCount -> ai
    int ironMinHeight -> aj
    int ironMaxHeight -> ak
    int goldSize -> al
    int goldCount -> am
    int goldMinHeight -> an
    int goldMaxHeight -> ao
    int redstoneSize -> ap
    int redstoneCount -> aq
    int redstoneMinHeight -> ar
    int redstoneMaxHeight -> as
    int diamondSize -> at
    int diamondCount -> au
    int diamondMinHeight -> av
    int diamondMaxHeight -> aw
    int lapisSize -> ax
    int lapisCount -> ay
    int lapisCenterHeight -> az
    float coordinateScale -> b
    float heightScale -> c
    float upperLimitScale -> d
    float lowerLimitScale -> e
    float depthNoiseScaleX -> f
    float depthNoiseScaleZ -> g
    float depthNoiseScaleExponent -> h
    float mainNoiseScaleX -> i
    float mainNoiseScaleY -> j
    float mainNoiseScaleZ -> k
    float baseSize -> l
    float stretchY -> m
    float biomeDepthWeight -> n
    float biomeDepthOffset -> o
    float biomeScaleWeight -> p
    float biomeScaleOffset -> q
    int seaLevel -> r
    boolean useCaves -> s
    boolean useDungeons -> t
    int dungeonChance -> u
    boolean useStrongholds -> v
    boolean useVillages -> w
    boolean useMineShafts -> x
    boolean useTemples -> y
    boolean useMonuments -> z
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer -> ant$b:
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderDebug -> anu:
    java.util.List field_177464_a -> a
    int field_177462_b -> b
    int field_181039_c -> c
    World world -> d
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderFlat -> anv:
    World worldObj -> a
    java.util.Random random -> b
    IBlockState[] cachedBlockIDs -> c
    FlatGeneratorInfo flatWorldGenInfo -> d
    java.util.List structureGenerators -> e
    boolean hasDecoration -> f
    boolean hasDungeons -> g
    WorldGenLakes waterLakeGenerator -> h
    WorldGenLakes lavaLakeGenerator -> i
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderHell -> anw:
    GeneratorBushFeature field_177465_A -> A
    MapGenNetherBridge genNetherBridge -> B
    MapGenBase netherCaveGenerator -> C
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves netherNoiseGen6 -> a
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves netherNoiseGen7 -> b
    double[] noiseData1 -> c
    double[] noiseData2 -> d
    double[] noiseData3 -> e
    double[] noiseData4 -> f
    double[] noiseData5 -> g
    World worldObj -> h
    boolean field_177466_i -> i
    java.util.Random hellRNG -> j
    double[] slowsandNoise -> k
    double[] gravelNoise -> l
    double[] netherrackExclusivityNoise -> m
    double[] noiseField -> n
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves netherNoiseGen1 -> o
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves netherNoiseGen2 -> p
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves netherNoiseGen3 -> q
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves slowsandGravelNoiseGen -> r
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves netherrackExculsivityNoiseGen -> s
    WorldGenFire field_177470_t -> t
    WorldGenGlowStone1 field_177469_u -> u
    WorldGenGlowStone2 field_177468_v -> v
    WorldGenerator field_177467_w -> w
    WorldGenHellLava field_177473_x -> x
    WorldGenHellLava field_177472_y -> y
    GeneratorBushFeature field_177471_z -> z
net.minecraft.src.MapGenCaves -> anx:
net.minecraft.src.MapGenBase -> any:
    int range -> a
    java.util.Random rand -> b
    World worldObj -> c
net.minecraft.src.MapGenCavesHell -> anz:
net.minecraft.src.CommandListPlayers -> ao:
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderGenerate -> aoa:
    StructureOceanMonument oceanMonumentGenerator -> A
    BiomeGenBase[] biomesForGeneration -> B
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves noiseGen5 -> a
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves noiseGen6 -> b
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves mobSpawnerNoise -> c
    double[] mainNoiseArray -> d
    double[] lowerLimitNoiseArray -> e
    double[] upperLimitNoiseArray -> f
    double[] depthNoiseArray -> g
    java.util.Random rand -> h
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves field_147431_j -> i
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves field_147432_k -> j
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves field_147429_l -> k
    NoiseGeneratorPerlin field_147430_m -> l
    World worldObj -> m
    boolean mapFeaturesEnabled -> n
    WorldType field_177475_o -> o
    double[] field_147434_q -> p
    float[] parabolicField -> q
    ChunkProviderSettings settings -> r
    Block oceanBlockTmpl -> s
    double[] stoneNoise -> t
    MapGenBase caveGenerator -> u
    MapGenStronghold strongholdGenerator -> v
    MapGenVillage villageGenerator -> w
    MapGenMineshaft mineshaftGenerator -> x
    MapGenScatteredFeature scatteredFeatureGenerator -> y
    MapGenBase ravineGenerator -> z
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderEnd -> aob:
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves noiseGen4 -> a
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves noiseGen5 -> b
    double[] noiseData1 -> c
    double[] noiseData2 -> d
    double[] noiseData3 -> e
    double[] noiseData4 -> f
    double[] noiseData5 -> g
    java.util.Random endRNG -> h
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves noiseGen1 -> i
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves noiseGen2 -> j
    NoiseGeneratorOctaves noiseGen3 -> k
    World endWorld -> l
    double[] densities -> m
    BiomeGenBase[] biomesForGeneration -> n
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenAbstractTree -> aoh:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenBigTree -> aoi:
    int heightLimit -> a
    int height -> b
    double heightAttenuation -> c
    double branchSlope -> d
    double scaleWidth -> e
    double leafDensity -> f
    int trunkSize -> g
    int heightLimitLimit -> h
    int leafDistanceLimit -> i
    java.util.List field_175948_j -> j
    java.util.Random rand -> k
    World world -> l
    BlockPos basePos -> m
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenBigTree$FoliageCoordinates -> aoi$a:
    int field_178000_b -> c
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenForest -> aoj:
    IBlockState field_181629_a -> a
    IBlockState field_181630_b -> b
    boolean useExtraRandomHeight -> c
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenBlockBlob -> aok:
    Block field_150545_a -> a
    int field_150544_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGeneratorBonusChest -> aol:
    java.util.List chestItems -> a
    int itemsToGenerateInBonusChest -> b
net.minecraft.src.GeneratorBushFeature -> aom:
    BlockBush field_175908_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenCactus -> aon:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenClay -> aop:
    Block field_150546_a -> a
    int numberOfBlocks -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenDeadBush -> aoq:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenDesertWells -> aor:
    BlockStateHelper field_175913_a -> a
    IBlockState field_175911_b -> b
    IBlockState field_175912_c -> c
    IBlockState field_175910_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenDoublePlant -> aos:
    BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType field_150549_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenerator -> aot:
    boolean doBlockNotify -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenFlowers -> aou:
    BlockFlower flower -> a
    IBlockState field_175915_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenShrub -> aov:
    IBlockState leavesMetadata -> a
    IBlockState woodMetadata -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenFire -> aow:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenGlowStone2 -> aox:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenHellLava -> aoy:
    Block field_150553_a -> a
    boolean field_94524_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenBigMushroom -> aoz:
    Block mushroomType -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandMessage -> ap:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenIcePath -> apa:
    Block block -> a
    int basePathWidth -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenIceSpike -> apb:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenLakes -> apc:
    Block block -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenGlowStone1 -> apd:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenMegaJungle -> ape:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenMegaPineTree -> apf:
    IBlockState field_181633_e -> e
    IBlockState field_181634_f -> f
    IBlockState field_181635_g -> g
    boolean useBaseHeight -> h
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenHugeTrees -> apg:
    int baseHeight -> a
    IBlockState woodMetadata -> b
    IBlockState leavesMetadata -> c
    int extraRandomHeight -> d
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenMelon -> aph:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenDungeons -> api:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger field_175918_a -> a
    java.lang.String[] SPAWNERTYPES -> b
    java.util.List CHESTCONTENT -> c
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenMinable -> apj:
    IBlockState oreBlock -> a
    int numberOfBlocks -> b
    com.google.common.base.Predicate predicate -> c
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenTaiga1 -> apk:
    IBlockState field_181636_a -> a
    IBlockState field_181637_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenPumpkin -> apl:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenReed -> apm:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenCanopyTree -> apn:
    IBlockState field_181640_a -> a
    IBlockState field_181641_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenSand -> apo:
    Block block -> a
    int radius -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenSavannaTree -> app:
    IBlockState field_181643_a -> a
    IBlockState field_181644_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenSpikes -> apq:
    Block baseBlockRequired -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenLiquids -> apr:
    Block block -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenTaiga2 -> aps:
    IBlockState field_181645_a -> a
    IBlockState field_181646_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenSwamp -> apt:
    IBlockState field_181648_a -> a
    IBlockState field_181649_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenTallGrass -> apu:
    IBlockState tallGrassState -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenTrees -> apv:
    IBlockState field_181653_a -> a
    IBlockState field_181654_b -> b
    int minTreeHeight -> c
    boolean vinesGrow -> d
    IBlockState metaWood -> e
    IBlockState metaLeaves -> f
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenVines -> apw:
net.minecraft.src.WorldGenWaterlily -> apx:
net.minecraft.src.FlatGeneratorInfo -> apz:
    java.util.List flatLayers -> a
    java.util.Map worldFeatures -> b
    int biomeToUse -> c
net.minecraft.src.CommandMessageRaw -> aq:
net.minecraft.src.FlatLayerInfo -> aqa:
    int field_175902_a -> a
    IBlockState layerMaterial -> b
    int layerCount -> c
    int layerMinimumY -> d
net.minecraft.src.StructureBoundingBox -> aqe:
    int minX -> a
    int minY -> b
    int minZ -> c
    int maxX -> d
    int maxY -> e
    int maxZ -> f
net.minecraft.src.StructureBoundingBox$1 -> aqe$1:
    int[] field_175895_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.MapGenMineshaft -> aqf:
    double field_82673_e -> d
net.minecraft.src.StructureMineshaftPieces -> aqg:
    java.util.List CHEST_CONTENT_WEIGHT_LIST -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureMineshaftPieces$1 -> aqg$1:
    int[] field_175894_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor -> aqg$a:
    boolean hasRails -> a
    boolean hasSpiders -> b
    boolean spawnerPlaced -> c
    int sectionCount -> d
net.minecraft.src.StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross -> aqg$b:
    EnumFacing corridorDirection -> a
    boolean isMultipleFloors -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureMineshaftPieces$Room -> aqg$c:
    java.util.List roomsLinkedToTheRoom -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs -> aqg$d:
net.minecraft.src.StructureMineshaftStart -> aqh:
net.minecraft.src.MapGenNetherBridge -> aqi:
    java.util.List spawnList -> d
net.minecraft.src.MapGenNetherBridge$Start -> aqi$a:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces -> aqj:
    StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight[] primaryComponents -> a
    StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight[] secondaryComponents -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$1 -> aqj$1:
    int[] field_175888_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3 -> aqj$a:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$End -> aqj$b:
    int fillSeed -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight -> aqj$c:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3 -> aqj$d:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4 -> aqj$e:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance -> aqj$f:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2 -> aqj$g:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor -> aqj$h:
    boolean field_111021_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5 -> aqj$i:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2 -> aqj$j:
    boolean field_111020_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom -> aqj$k:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne -> aqj$l:
    boolean hasSpawner -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece -> aqj$m:
    java.util.List field_111019_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight -> aqj$n:
    java.lang.Class weightClass -> a
    int field_78826_b -> b
    int field_78827_c -> c
    int field_78824_d -> d
    boolean field_78825_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing -> aqj$o:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs -> aqj$p:
net.minecraft.src.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start -> aqj$q:
    StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight theNetherBridgePieceWeight -> b
    java.util.List primaryWeights -> c
    java.util.List secondaryWeights -> d
    java.util.List field_74967_d -> e
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonument -> aqk:
    java.util.List field_175802_d -> d
    int field_175800_f -> f
    int field_175801_g -> g
    java.util.List field_175803_h -> h
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument -> aqk$a:
    java.util.Set field_175791_c -> c
    boolean field_175790_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces -> aql:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$1 -> aql$1:
    int[] field_175971_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XDoubleRoomFitHelper -> aql$a:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XYDoubleRoomFitHelper -> aql$b:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YDoubleRoomFitHelper -> aql$c:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YZDoubleRoomFitHelper -> aql$d:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$ZDoubleRoomFitHelper -> aql$e:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomHelper -> aql$f:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomTopHelper -> aql$g:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding -> aql$h:
    StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition field_175845_o -> o
    StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition field_175844_p -> p
    java.util.List field_175843_q -> q
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentRoomFitHelper -> aql$i:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentCoreRoom -> aql$j:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXRoom -> aql$k:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXYRoom -> aql$l:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYRoom -> aql$m:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYZRoom -> aql$n:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleZRoom -> aql$o:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$EntryRoom -> aql$p:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Penthouse -> aql$q:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece -> aql$r:
    IBlockState field_175828_a -> a
    IBlockState field_175826_b -> b
    IBlockState field_175827_c -> c
    IBlockState field_175824_d -> d
    IBlockState field_175825_e -> e
    IBlockState field_175822_f -> f
    int field_175823_g -> g
    int field_175831_h -> h
    int field_175832_i -> i
    int field_175829_j -> j
    StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition field_175830_k -> k
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleRoom -> aql$s:
    int field_175833_o -> o
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleTopRoom -> aql$t:
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$WingRoom -> aql$u:
    int field_175834_o -> o
net.minecraft.src.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition -> aql$v:
    int field_175967_a -> a
    StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition[] field_175965_b -> b
    boolean[] field_175966_c -> c
    boolean field_175963_d -> d
    boolean field_175964_e -> e
    int field_175962_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.MapGenScatteredFeature -> aqm:
    java.util.List biomelist -> d
    java.util.List scatteredFeatureSpawnList -> f
    int maxDistanceBetweenScatteredFeatures -> g
    int minDistanceBetweenScatteredFeatures -> h
net.minecraft.src.MapGenScatteredFeature$Start -> aqm$a:
net.minecraft.src.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces -> aqn:
net.minecraft.src.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$1 -> aqn$1:
    int[] field_175956_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid -> aqn$a:
    boolean[] hasPlacedChest -> e
    java.util.List itemsToGenerateInTemple -> f
net.minecraft.src.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid -> aqn$b:
    boolean placedMainChest -> e
    boolean placedHiddenChest -> f
    boolean placedTrap1 -> g
    boolean placedTrap2 -> h
    java.util.List field_175816_i -> i
    java.util.List field_175815_j -> j
    ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid$Stones junglePyramidsRandomScatteredStones -> k
net.minecraft.src.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid$Stones -> aqn$b$a:
net.minecraft.src.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature -> aqn$c:
    int scatteredFeatureSizeX -> a
    int scatteredFeatureSizeY -> b
    int scatteredFeatureSizeZ -> c
    int field_74936_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut -> aqn$d:
    boolean hasWitch -> e
net.minecraft.src.MapGenStronghold -> aqo:
    java.util.List field_151546_e -> d
    boolean ranBiomeCheck -> f
    ChunkCoordIntPair[] structureCoords -> g
    double field_82671_h -> h
    int field_82672_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.MapGenStronghold$Start -> aqo$a:
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces -> aqp:
    int totalWeight -> a
    StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight[] pieceWeightArray -> b
    java.util.List structurePieceList -> c
    java.lang.Class strongComponentType -> d
    StructureStrongholdPieces$Stones strongholdStones -> e
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$1 -> aqp$1:
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$2 -> aqp$2:
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$3 -> aqp$3:
    int[] field_75245_a -> a
    int[] field_175951_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor -> aqp$a:
    java.util.List strongholdChestContents -> a
    boolean hasMadeChest -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor -> aqp$b:
    int field_74993_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing -> aqp$c:
    boolean field_74996_b -> a
    boolean field_74997_c -> b
    boolean field_74995_d -> c
    boolean field_74999_h -> e
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn -> aqp$d:
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Library -> aqp$e:
    java.util.List strongholdLibraryChestContents -> a
    boolean isLargeRoom -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight -> aqp$f:
    java.lang.Class pieceClass -> a
    int pieceWeight -> b
    int instancesSpawned -> c
    int instancesLimit -> d
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom -> aqp$g:
    boolean hasSpawner -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison -> aqp$h:
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$RightTurn -> aqp$i:
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing -> aqp$j:
    int roomType -> a
    java.util.List strongholdRoomCrossingChestContents -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stones -> aqp$k:
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs -> aqp$l:
    boolean field_75024_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2 -> aqp$m:
    StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight strongholdPieceWeight -> a
    StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom strongholdPortalRoom -> b
    java.util.List field_75026_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight -> aqp$n:
    boolean expandsX -> a
    boolean expandsZ -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight -> aqp$o:
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold -> aqp$p:
    StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door field_143013_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door -> aqp$p$a:
    StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door OPENING -> a
    StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door WOOD_DOOR -> b
    StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door GRATES -> c
    StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door IRON_DOOR -> d
    StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.MapGenStructure -> aqq:
    MapGenStructureData structureData -> d
    java.util.Map structureMap -> e
net.minecraft.src.MapGenStructure$1 -> aqq$1:
    int field_85169_a -> a
    int field_85167_b -> b
    MapGenStructure field_85168_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.MapGenStructure$2 -> aqq$2:
    int field_85165_a -> a
    int field_85163_b -> b
    MapGenStructure field_85164_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.MapGenStructure$3 -> aqq$3:
    MapGenStructure field_85161_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.MapGenStructureIO -> aqr:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.Map startNameToClassMap -> b
    java.util.Map startClassToNameMap -> c
    java.util.Map componentNameToClassMap -> d
    java.util.Map componentClassToNameMap -> e
net.minecraft.src.MapGenStructureData -> aqs:
    NBTTagCompound tagCompound -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureComponent -> aqt:
    StructureBoundingBox boundingBox -> l
    EnumFacing coordBaseMode -> m
    int componentType -> n
net.minecraft.src.StructureComponent$1 -> aqt$1:
    int[] field_176100_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureComponent$BlockSelector -> aqt$a:
    IBlockState blockstate -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureStart -> aqu:
    java.util.LinkedList components -> a
    StructureBoundingBox boundingBox -> b
    int chunkPosX -> c
    int chunkPosZ -> d
net.minecraft.src.MapGenVillage -> aqv:
    java.util.List villageSpawnBiomes -> d
    int terrainType -> f
    int field_82665_g -> g
    int field_82666_h -> h
net.minecraft.src.MapGenVillage$Start -> aqv$a:
    boolean hasMoreThanTwoComponents -> c
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces -> aqw:
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$1 -> aqw$1:
    int[] field_176064_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$House1 -> aqw$a:
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Field1 -> aqw$b:
    Block cropTypeA -> a
    Block cropTypeB -> b
    Block cropTypeC -> c
    Block cropTypeD -> d
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Field2 -> aqw$c:
    Block cropTypeA -> a
    Block cropTypeB -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Torch -> aqw$d:
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight -> aqw$e:
    java.lang.Class villagePieceClass -> a
    int villagePieceWeight -> b
    int villagePiecesSpawned -> c
    int villagePiecesLimit -> d
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Hall -> aqw$f:
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden -> aqw$g:
    boolean isRoofAccessible -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut -> aqw$h:
    boolean isTallHouse -> a
    int tablePosition -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Church -> aqw$i:
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$House2 -> aqw$j:
    java.util.List villageBlacksmithChestContents -> a
    boolean hasMadeChest -> b
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Start -> aqw$k:
    WorldChunkManager worldChunkMngr -> a
    boolean inDesert -> b
    int terrainType -> c
    StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight structVillagePieceWeight -> d
    java.util.List structureVillageWeightedPieceList -> e
    java.util.List field_74932_i -> f
    java.util.List field_74930_j -> g
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Path -> aqw$l:
    int length -> a
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$House3 -> aqw$m:
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Village -> aqw$n:
    int villagersSpawned -> a
    boolean isDesertVillage -> b
    int field_143015_k -> h
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Road -> aqw$o:
net.minecraft.src.StructureVillagePieces$Well -> aqw$p:
net.minecraft.src.CommandOp -> ar:
net.minecraft.src.NoiseGeneratorImproved -> arb:
    double xCoord -> a
    double yCoord -> b
    double zCoord -> c
    int[] permutations -> d
    double[] field_152381_e -> e
    double[] field_152382_f -> f
    double[] field_152383_g -> g
    double[] field_152384_h -> h
    double[] field_152385_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.NoiseGeneratorOctaves -> arc:
    NoiseGeneratorImproved[] generatorCollection -> a
    int octaves -> b
net.minecraft.src.NoiseGeneratorPerlin -> ard:
    NoiseGeneratorSimplex[] field_151603_a -> a
    int field_151602_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.NoiseGeneratorSimplex -> arg:
    double field_151614_a -> a
    double field_151612_b -> b
    double field_151613_c -> c
    double field_151610_d -> d
    int[][] field_151611_e -> e
    int[] field_151608_f -> f
    double field_151609_g -> g
    double field_151615_h -> h
net.minecraft.src.NoiseGenerator -> arh:
net.minecraft.src.MaterialLogic -> arj:
net.minecraft.src.MaterialTransparent -> ark:
net.minecraft.src.MaterialLiquid -> arl:
net.minecraft.src.Material -> arm:
    Material cactus -> A
    Material clay -> B
    Material gourd -> C
    Material dragonEgg -> D
    Material portal -> E
    Material cake -> F
    Material web -> G
    Material piston -> H
    Material barrier -> I
    boolean canBurn -> J
    boolean replaceable -> K
    boolean isTranslucent -> L
    MapColor materialMapColor -> M
    boolean requiresNoTool -> N
    int mobilityFlag -> O
    boolean isAdventureModeExempt -> P
    Material air -> a
    Material grass -> b
    Material ground -> c
    Material wood -> d
    Material rock -> e
    Material iron -> f
    Material anvil -> g
    Material water -> h
    Material lava -> i
    Material leaves -> j
    Material plants -> k
    Material vine -> l
    Material sponge -> m
    Material cloth -> n
    Material fire -> o
    Material sand -> p
    Material circuits -> q
    Material carpet -> r
    Material glass -> s
    Material redstoneLight -> t
    Material tnt -> u
    Material coral -> v
    Material ice -> w
    Material packedIce -> x
    Material snow -> y
    Material craftedSnow -> z
net.minecraft.src.Material$1 -> arm$1:
net.minecraft.src.MapColor -> arn:
    MapColor blueColor -> A
    MapColor brownColor -> B
    MapColor greenColor -> C
    MapColor redColor -> D
    MapColor blackColor -> E
    MapColor goldColor -> F
    MapColor diamondColor -> G
    MapColor lapisColor -> H
    MapColor emeraldColor -> I
    MapColor obsidianColor -> J
    MapColor netherrackColor -> K
    int colorValue -> L
    int colorIndex -> M
    MapColor[] mapColorArray -> a
    MapColor airColor -> b
    MapColor grassColor -> c
    MapColor sandColor -> d
    MapColor clothColor -> e
    MapColor tntColor -> f
    MapColor iceColor -> g
    MapColor ironColor -> h
    MapColor foliageColor -> i
    MapColor snowColor -> j
    MapColor clayColor -> k
    MapColor dirtColor -> l
    MapColor stoneColor -> m
    MapColor waterColor -> n
    MapColor woodColor -> o
    MapColor quartzColor -> p
    MapColor adobeColor -> q
    MapColor magentaColor -> r
    MapColor lightBlueColor -> s
    MapColor yellowColor -> t
    MapColor limeColor -> u
    MapColor pinkColor -> v
    MapColor grayColor -> w
    MapColor silverColor -> x
    MapColor cyanColor -> y
    MapColor purpleColor -> z
net.minecraft.src.MaterialPortal -> aro:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerDeepOcean -> arq:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerEdge -> arr:
    GenLayerEdge$Mode field_151627_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerEdge$1 -> arr$1:
    int[] field_151642_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerEdge$Mode -> arr$a:
    GenLayerEdge$Mode COOL_WARM -> a
    GenLayerEdge$Mode HEAT_ICE -> b
    GenLayerEdge$Mode SPECIAL -> c
    GenLayerEdge$Mode[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerAddIsland -> ars:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerAddMushroomIsland -> art:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerAddSnow -> aru:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerBiomeEdge -> arv:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerBiome -> arw:
    BiomeGenBase[] field_151623_c -> c
    BiomeGenBase[] field_151621_d -> d
    BiomeGenBase[] field_151622_e -> e
    BiomeGenBase[] field_151620_f -> f
    ChunkProviderSettings field_175973_g -> g
net.minecraft.src.CommandPardonIp -> as:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerFuzzyZoom -> asa:
net.minecraft.src.IntCache -> asc:
    int intCacheSize -> a
    java.util.List freeSmallArrays -> b
    java.util.List inUseSmallArrays -> c
    java.util.List freeLargeArrays -> d
    java.util.List inUseLargeArrays -> e
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerIsland -> asd:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayer -> ase:
    GenLayer parent -> a
    long baseSeed -> b
    long worldGenSeed -> c
    long chunkSeed -> d
net.minecraft.src.GenLayer$1 -> ase$1:
    BiomeGenBase field_176191_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GenLayer$2 -> ase$2:
    BiomeGenBase field_176192_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerRareBiome -> asf:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerHills -> asg:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> c
    GenLayer field_151628_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerRemoveTooMuchOcean -> ash:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerRiverInit -> asi:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerRiver -> asj:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerRiverMix -> ask:
    GenLayer biomePatternGeneratorChain -> c
    GenLayer riverPatternGeneratorChain -> d
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerShore -> asl:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerSmooth -> asm:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerVoronoiZoom -> asq:
net.minecraft.src.GenLayerZoom -> asr:
net.minecraft.src.Path -> asu:
    PathPoint[] pathPoints -> a
    int count -> b
net.minecraft.src.PathPoint -> asv:
    int xCoord -> a
    int yCoord -> b
    int zCoord -> c
    int index -> d
    float totalPathDistance -> e
    float distanceToNext -> f
    float distanceToTarget -> g
    PathPoint previous -> h
    boolean visited -> i
    int hash -> j
net.minecraft.src.NodeProcessor -> asw:
    IBlockAccess blockaccess -> a
    IntHashMap pointMap -> b
    int entitySizeX -> c
    int entitySizeY -> d
    int entitySizeZ -> e
net.minecraft.src.PathEntity -> asx:
    PathPoint[] points -> a
    int currentPathIndex -> b
    int pathLength -> c
net.minecraft.src.PathFinder -> asy:
    Path path -> a
    PathPoint[] pathOptions -> b
    NodeProcessor nodeProcessor -> c
net.minecraft.src.SwimNodeProcessor -> asz:
net.minecraft.src.CommandPardonPlayer -> at:
net.minecraft.src.WalkNodeProcessor -> ata:
    boolean canEnterDoors -> f
    boolean canBreakDoors -> g
    boolean avoidsWater -> h
    boolean canSwim -> i
    boolean shouldAvoidWater -> j
net.minecraft.src.WorldSavedData -> ate:
    java.lang.String mapName -> a
    boolean dirty -> b
net.minecraft.src.Vec4b -> atf:
    byte field_176117_a -> a
    byte field_176115_b -> b
    byte field_176116_c -> c
    byte field_176114_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.MapData -> atg:
    int xCenter -> b
    int zCenter -> c
    byte dimension -> d
    byte scale -> e
    byte[] colors -> f
    java.util.List playersArrayList -> g
    java.util.Map mapDecorations -> h
    java.util.Map playersHashMap -> i
net.minecraft.src.MapData$MapInfo -> atg$a:
    EntityPlayer entityplayerObj -> a
    int field_82569_d -> b
    MapData field_176107_c -> c
    boolean field_176105_d -> d
    int minX -> e
    int minY -> f
    int maxX -> g
    int maxY -> h
    int field_176109_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.AnvilSaveHandler -> atj:
net.minecraft.src.AnvilSaveConverter -> atk:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
net.minecraft.src.AnvilSaveConverter$1 -> atk$1:
    AnvilSaveConverter field_76172_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.DerivedWorldInfo -> atl:
    WorldInfo theWorldInfo -> b
net.minecraft.src.SaveHandler -> atm:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.io.File worldDirectory -> b
    java.io.File playersDirectory -> c
    java.io.File mapDataDir -> d
    long initializationTime -> e
    java.lang.String saveDirectoryName -> f
net.minecraft.src.SaveFormatOld -> atn:
    java.io.File savesDirectory -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo -> ato:
    boolean difficultyLocked -> A
    double borderCenterX -> B
    double borderCenterZ -> C
    double borderSize -> D
    long borderSizeLerpTime -> E
    double borderSizeLerpTarget -> F
    double borderSafeZone -> G
    double borderDamagePerBlock -> H
    int borderWarningDistance -> I
    int borderWarningTime -> J
    GameRules theGameRules -> K
    EnumDifficulty DEFAULT_DIFFICULTY -> a
    long randomSeed -> b
    WorldType terrainType -> c
    java.lang.String generatorOptions -> d
    int spawnX -> e
    int spawnY -> f
    int spawnZ -> g
    long totalTime -> h
    long worldTime -> i
    long lastTimePlayed -> j
    long sizeOnDisk -> k
    NBTTagCompound playerTag -> l
    int dimension -> m
    java.lang.String levelName -> n
    int saveVersion -> o
    int cleanWeatherTime -> p
    boolean raining -> q
    int rainTime -> r
    boolean thundering -> s
    int thunderTime -> t
    WorldSettings$GameType theGameType -> u
    boolean mapFeaturesEnabled -> v
    boolean hardcore -> w
    boolean allowCommands -> x
    boolean initialized -> y
    EnumDifficulty difficulty -> z
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo$1 -> ato$1:
    WorldInfo field_85143_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo$2 -> ato$2:
    WorldInfo field_85139_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo$3 -> ato$3:
    WorldInfo field_85141_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo$4 -> ato$4:
    WorldInfo field_85135_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo$5 -> ato$5:
    WorldInfo field_85137_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo$6 -> ato$6:
    WorldInfo field_85115_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo$7 -> ato$7:
    WorldInfo field_85113_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo$8 -> ato$8:
    WorldInfo field_85111_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldInfo$9 -> ato$9:
    WorldInfo field_85109_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ISaveHandler -> atp:
net.minecraft.src.AnvilConverterException -> atq:
net.minecraft.src.ISaveFormat -> atr:
net.minecraft.src.SaveFormatComparator -> ats:
    java.lang.String fileName -> a
    java.lang.String displayName -> b
    long lastTimePlayed -> c
    long sizeOnDisk -> d
    boolean requiresConversion -> e
    WorldSettings$GameType theEnumGameType -> f
    boolean hardcore -> g
    boolean cheatsEnabled -> h
net.minecraft.src.SaveHandlerMP -> atx:
net.minecraft.src.IPlayerFileData -> aty:
net.minecraft.src.SaveDataMemoryStorage -> atz:
net.minecraft.src.CommandParticle -> au:
net.minecraft.src.MapStorage -> aua:
    java.util.Map loadedDataMap -> a
    ISaveHandler saveHandler -> b
    java.util.List loadedDataList -> c
    java.util.Map idCounts -> d
net.minecraft.src.ThreadedFileIOBase -> auc:
    ThreadedFileIOBase threadedIOInstance -> a
    java.util.List threadedIOQueue -> b
    long writeQueuedCounter -> c
    long savedIOCounter -> d
    boolean isThreadWaiting -> e
net.minecraft.src.IThreadedFileIO -> aud:
net.minecraft.src.AxisAlignedBB -> aug:
    double minX -> a
    double minY -> b
    double minZ -> c
    double maxX -> d
    double maxY -> e
    double maxZ -> f
net.minecraft.src.MovingObjectPosition -> auh:
    MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType typeOfHit -> a
    EnumFacing sideHit -> b
    Vec3 hitVec -> c
    Entity entityHit -> d
    BlockPos blockPos -> e
net.minecraft.src.MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType -> auh$a:
    MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType MISS -> a
    MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType BLOCK -> b
    MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType ENTITY -> c
    MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.Vec3 -> aui:
    double xCoord -> a
    double yCoord -> b
    double zCoord -> c
net.minecraft.src.ScoreObjective -> auk:
    Scoreboard theScoreboard -> a
    java.lang.String name -> b
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria objectiveCriteria -> c
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType renderType -> d
    java.lang.String displayName -> e
net.minecraft.src.ScorePlayerTeam -> aul:
    Scoreboard theScoreboard -> a
    java.lang.String registeredName -> b
    java.util.Set membershipSet -> c
    java.lang.String teamNameSPT -> d
    java.lang.String namePrefixSPT -> e
    java.lang.String colorSuffix -> f
    boolean allowFriendlyFire -> g
    boolean canSeeFriendlyInvisibles -> h
    Team$EnumVisible nameTagVisibility -> i
    Team$EnumVisible deathMessageVisibility -> j
    EnumChatFormatting chatFormat -> k
net.minecraft.src.Score -> aum:
    java.util.Comparator scoreComparator -> a
    Scoreboard theScoreboard -> b
    ScoreObjective theScoreObjective -> c
    java.lang.String scorePlayerName -> d
    int scorePoints -> e
    boolean locked -> f
    boolean forceUpdate -> g
net.minecraft.src.Score$1 -> aum$1:
net.minecraft.src.Scoreboard -> auo:
    java.util.Map scoreObjectives -> a
    java.util.Map scoreObjectiveCriterias -> b
    java.util.Map entitiesScoreObjectives -> c
    ScoreObjective[] objectiveDisplaySlots -> d
    java.util.Map teams -> e
    java.util.Map teamMemberships -> f
    java.lang.String[] field_178823_g -> g
net.minecraft.src.ScoreboardSaveData -> aup:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    Scoreboard theScoreboard -> c
    NBTTagCompound delayedInitNbt -> d
net.minecraft.src.Team -> auq:
net.minecraft.src.Team$EnumVisible -> auq$a:
    Team$EnumVisible ALWAYS -> a
    Team$EnumVisible NEVER -> b
    Team$EnumVisible HIDE_FOR_OTHER_TEAMS -> c
    Team$EnumVisible HIDE_FOR_OWN_TEAM -> d
    java.lang.String internalName -> e
    int id -> f
    java.util.Map field_178828_g -> g
    Team$EnumVisible[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.GoalColor -> aur:
    java.lang.String goalName -> j
net.minecraft.src.ScoreDummyCriteria -> aus:
    java.lang.String dummyName -> j
net.minecraft.src.ScoreHealthCriteria -> aut:
net.minecraft.src.IScoreObjectiveCriteria -> auu:
    java.util.Map INSTANCES -> a
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria DUMMY -> b
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria TRIGGER -> c
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria deathCount -> d
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria playerKillCount -> e
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria totalKillCount -> f
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria health -> g
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria[] field_178792_h -> h
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria[] field_178793_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType -> auu$a:
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType INTEGER -> a
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType HEARTS -> b
    java.util.Map field_178801_c -> c
    java.lang.String field_178798_d -> d
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.ObjectiveStat -> auv:
    StatBase stat -> j
net.minecraft.src.ActiveRenderInfo -> auz:
    java.nio.IntBuffer VIEWPORT -> a
    java.nio.FloatBuffer MODELVIEW -> b
    java.nio.FloatBuffer PROJECTION -> c
    java.nio.FloatBuffer OBJECTCOORDS -> d
    Vec3 position -> e
    float rotationX -> f
    float rotationXZ -> g
    float rotationZ -> h
    float rotationYZ -> i
    float rotationXY -> j
net.minecraft.src.CommandPlaySound -> av:
net.minecraft.src.ChatLine -> ava:
    int updateCounterCreated -> a
    IChatComponent lineString -> b
    int chatLineID -> c
net.minecraft.src.KeyBinding -> avb:
    java.util.List keybindArray -> a
    IntHashMap hash -> b
    java.util.Set keybindSet -> c
    java.lang.String keyDescription -> d
    int keyCodeDefault -> e
    java.lang.String keyCategory -> f
    int keyCode -> g
    boolean pressed -> h
    int pressTime -> i
net.minecraft.src.RenderHelper -> avc:
    java.nio.FloatBuffer colorBuffer -> a
    Vec3 LIGHT0_POS -> b
    Vec3 LIGHT1_POS -> c
net.minecraft.src.GLAllocation -> avd:
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft -> ave:
    Profiler mcProfiler -> A
    boolean running -> B
    java.lang.String debug -> C
    boolean field_175613_B -> D
    boolean field_175614_C -> E
    boolean field_175611_D -> F
    boolean renderChunksMany -> G
    long debugUpdateTime -> H
    int fpsCounter -> I
    long prevFrameTime -> J
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> K
    ResourceLocation locationMojangPng -> L
    java.util.List macDisplayModes -> M
    java.io.File fileResourcepacks -> N
    com.mojang.authlib.properties.PropertyMap twitchDetails -> O
    com.mojang.authlib.properties.PropertyMap profileProperties -> P
    ServerData currentServerData -> Q
    TextureManager renderEngine -> R
    Minecraft theMinecraft -> S
    boolean fullscreen -> T
    boolean enableGLErrorChecking -> U
    boolean hasCrashed -> V
    CrashReport crashReporter -> W
    boolean connectedToRealms -> X
    Timer timer -> Y
    PlayerUsageSnooper usageSnooper -> Z
    boolean isRunningOnMac -> a
    java.util.List defaultResourcePacks -> aA
    DefaultResourcePack mcDefaultResourcePack -> aB
    ResourcePackRepository mcResourcePackRepository -> aC
    LanguageManager mcLanguageManager -> aD
    IStream stream -> aE
    Framebuffer framebufferMc -> aF
    TextureMap textureMapBlocks -> aG
    SoundHandler mcSoundHandler -> aH
    MusicTicker mcMusicTicker -> aI
    ResourceLocation mojangLogo -> aJ
    com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.MinecraftSessionService sessionService -> aK
    SkinManager skinManager -> aL
    java.util.Queue scheduledTasks -> aM
    long field_175615_aJ -> aN
    java.lang.Thread mcThread -> aO
    ModelManager modelManager -> aP
    BlockRendererDispatcher blockRenderDispatcher -> aQ
    java.lang.String debugProfilerName -> aR
    RenderManager renderManager -> aa
    RenderItem renderItem -> ab
    ItemRenderer itemRenderer -> ac
    Entity renderViewEntity -> ad
    Session session -> ae
    boolean isGamePaused -> af
    int leftClickCounter -> ag
    int tempDisplayWidth -> ah
    int tempDisplayHeight -> ai
    IntegratedServer theIntegratedServer -> aj
    java.io.File fileAssets -> ak
    java.lang.String launchedVersion -> al
    java.net.Proxy proxy -> am
    ISaveFormat saveLoader -> an
    int debugFPS -> ao
    int rightClickDelayTimer -> ap
    java.lang.String serverName -> aq
    int serverPort -> ar
    int joinPlayerCounter -> as
    boolean jvm64bit -> at
    boolean isDemo -> au
    NetworkManager myNetworkManager -> av
    boolean integratedServerIsRunning -> aw
    long debugCrashKeyPressTime -> ax
    IReloadableResourceManager mcResourceManager -> ay
    IMetadataSerializer metadataSerializer_ -> az
    byte[] memoryReserve -> b
    PlayerControllerMP playerController -> c
    int displayWidth -> d
    int displayHeight -> e
    WorldClient theWorld -> f
    RenderGlobal renderGlobal -> g
    EntityPlayerSP thePlayer -> h
    Entity pointedEntity -> i
    EffectRenderer effectRenderer -> j
    FontRenderer fontRendererObj -> k
    FontRenderer standardGalacticFontRenderer -> l
    GuiScreen currentScreen -> m
    LoadingScreenRenderer loadingScreen -> n
    EntityRenderer entityRenderer -> o
    GuiAchievement guiAchievement -> p
    GuiIngame ingameGUI -> q
    boolean skipRenderWorld -> r
    MovingObjectPosition objectMouseOver -> s
    GameSettings gameSettings -> t
    MouseHelper mouseHelper -> u
    java.io.File mcDataDir -> v
    boolean inGameHasFocus -> w
    long systemTime -> x
    FrameTimer frameTimer -> y
    long startNanoTime -> z
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$1 -> ave$1:
    Minecraft field_74532_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$10 -> ave$10:
    int[] field_183016_a -> a
    int[] field_183017_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$11 -> ave$11:
    Minecraft field_74536_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$12 -> ave$12:
    Minecraft field_90055_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$13 -> ave$13:
    Minecraft field_90053_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$14 -> ave$14:
    Minecraft field_74421_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$15 -> ave$15:
    Minecraft field_74503_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$16 -> ave$16:
    Minecraft field_79002_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$17 -> ave$17:
    Minecraft field_74500_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$18 -> ave$18:
    Minecraft field_82887_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$2 -> ave$2:
    Minecraft field_90051_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$3 -> ave$3:
    Minecraft field_90046_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$4 -> ave$4:
    Minecraft field_90048_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$5 -> ave$5:
    Minecraft field_142056_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$6 -> ave$6:
    Minecraft field_151425_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$7 -> ave$7:
    Minecraft field_152389_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$8 -> ave$8:
    Minecraft field_152128_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Minecraft$9 -> ave$9:
    Minecraft field_183003_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.MouseHelper -> avf:
    int deltaX -> a
    int deltaY -> b
net.minecraft.src.GameSettings -> avh:
    boolean touchscreen -> A
    int overrideWidth -> B
    int overrideHeight -> C
    boolean heldItemTooltips -> D
    float chatScale -> E
    float chatWidth -> F
    float chatHeightUnfocused -> G
    float chatHeightFocused -> H
    boolean showInventoryAchievementHint -> I
    int mipmapLevels -> J
    float streamBytesPerPixel -> K
    float streamMicVolume -> L
    float streamGameVolume -> M
    float streamKbps -> N
    float streamFps -> O
    int streamCompression -> P
    boolean streamSendMetadata -> Q
    java.lang.String streamPreferredServer -> R
    int streamChatEnabled -> S
    int streamChatUserFilter -> T
    int streamMicToggleBehavior -> U
    boolean useNativeTransport -> V
    boolean entityShadows -> W
    boolean realmsNotifications -> X
    KeyBinding keyBindForward -> Y
    KeyBinding keyBindLeft -> Z
    float mouseSensitivity -> a
    boolean hideGUI -> aA
    int thirdPersonView -> aB
    boolean showDebugInfo -> aC
    boolean showDebugProfilerChart -> aD
    boolean showLagometer -> aE
    java.lang.String lastServer -> aF
    boolean smoothCamera -> aG
    boolean debugCamEnable -> aH
    float fovSetting -> aI
    float gammaSetting -> aJ
    float saturation -> aK
    int guiScale -> aL
    int particleSetting -> aM
    java.lang.String language -> aN
    boolean forceUnicodeFont -> aO
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> aP
    com.google.gson.Gson gson -> aQ
    java.lang.reflect.ParameterizedType typeListString -> aR
    java.lang.String[] GUISCALES -> aS
    java.lang.String[] PARTICLES -> aT
    java.lang.String[] AMBIENT_OCCLUSIONS -> aU
    java.lang.String[] STREAM_COMPRESSIONS -> aV
    java.lang.String[] STREAM_CHAT_MODES -> aW
    java.lang.String[] STREAM_CHAT_FILTER_MODES -> aX
    java.lang.String[] STREAM_MIC_MODES -> aY
    java.lang.String[] CLOUDS_TYPES -> aZ
    KeyBinding keyBindBack -> aa
    KeyBinding keyBindRight -> ab
    KeyBinding keyBindJump -> ac
    KeyBinding keyBindSneak -> ad
    KeyBinding keyBindSprint -> ae
    KeyBinding keyBindInventory -> af
    KeyBinding keyBindUseItem -> ag
    KeyBinding keyBindDrop -> ah
    KeyBinding keyBindAttack -> ai
    KeyBinding keyBindPickBlock -> aj
    KeyBinding keyBindChat -> ak
    KeyBinding keyBindPlayerList -> al
    KeyBinding keyBindCommand -> am
    KeyBinding keyBindScreenshot -> an
    KeyBinding keyBindTogglePerspective -> ao
    KeyBinding keyBindSmoothCamera -> ap
    KeyBinding keyBindFullscreen -> aq
    KeyBinding keyBindSpectatorOutlines -> ar
    KeyBinding keyBindStreamStartStop -> as
    KeyBinding keyBindStreamPauseUnpause -> at
    KeyBinding keyBindStreamCommercials -> au
    KeyBinding keyBindStreamToggleMic -> av
    KeyBinding[] keyBindsHotbar -> aw
    KeyBinding[] keyBindings -> ax
    Minecraft mc -> ay
    EnumDifficulty difficulty -> az
    boolean invertMouse -> b
    java.util.Set setModelParts -> ba
    java.util.Map mapSoundLevels -> bb
    java.io.File optionsFile -> bc
    int renderDistanceChunks -> c
    boolean viewBobbing -> d
    boolean anaglyph -> e
    boolean fboEnable -> f
    int limitFramerate -> g
    int clouds -> h
    boolean fancyGraphics -> i
    int ambientOcclusion -> j
    java.util.List resourcePacks -> k
    java.util.List incompatibleResourcePacks -> l
    EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility chatVisibility -> m
    boolean chatColours -> n
    boolean chatLinks -> o
    boolean chatLinksPrompt -> p
    float chatOpacity -> q
    boolean snooperEnabled -> r
    boolean fullScreen -> s
    boolean enableVsync -> t
    boolean useVbo -> u
    boolean allowBlockAlternatives -> v
    boolean reducedDebugInfo -> w
    boolean hideServerAddress -> x
    boolean advancedItemTooltips -> y
    boolean pauseOnLostFocus -> z
net.minecraft.src.GameSettings$1 -> avh$1:
net.minecraft.src.GameSettings$2 -> avh$2:
    int[] field_151477_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GameSettings$Options -> avh$a:
    GameSettings$Options CHAT_WIDTH -> A
    GameSettings$Options CHAT_HEIGHT_FOCUSED -> B
    GameSettings$Options CHAT_HEIGHT_UNFOCUSED -> C
    GameSettings$Options MIPMAP_LEVELS -> D
    GameSettings$Options FORCE_UNICODE_FONT -> E
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_BYTES_PER_PIXEL -> F
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_VOLUME_MIC -> G
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_VOLUME_SYSTEM -> H
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_KBPS -> I
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_FPS -> J
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_COMPRESSION -> K
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_SEND_METADATA -> L
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_CHAT_ENABLED -> M
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_CHAT_USER_FILTER -> N
    GameSettings$Options STREAM_MIC_TOGGLE_BEHAVIOR -> O
    GameSettings$Options BLOCK_ALTERNATIVES -> P
    GameSettings$Options REDUCED_DEBUG_INFO -> Q
    GameSettings$Options ENTITY_SHADOWS -> R
    GameSettings$Options REALMS_NOTIFICATIONS -> S
    boolean enumFloat -> T
    boolean enumBoolean -> U
    java.lang.String enumString -> V
    float valueStep -> W
    float valueMin -> X
    float valueMax -> Y
    GameSettings$Options[] $VALUES -> Z
    GameSettings$Options INVERT_MOUSE -> a
    GameSettings$Options SENSITIVITY -> b
    GameSettings$Options FOV -> c
    GameSettings$Options GAMMA -> d
    GameSettings$Options SATURATION -> e
    GameSettings$Options RENDER_DISTANCE -> f
    GameSettings$Options VIEW_BOBBING -> g
    GameSettings$Options ANAGLYPH -> h
    GameSettings$Options FRAMERATE_LIMIT -> i
    GameSettings$Options FBO_ENABLE -> j
    GameSettings$Options RENDER_CLOUDS -> k
    GameSettings$Options GRAPHICS -> l
    GameSettings$Options AMBIENT_OCCLUSION -> m
    GameSettings$Options GUI_SCALE -> n
    GameSettings$Options PARTICLES -> o
    GameSettings$Options CHAT_VISIBILITY -> p
    GameSettings$Options CHAT_COLOR -> q
    GameSettings$Options CHAT_LINKS -> r
    GameSettings$Options CHAT_OPACITY -> s
    GameSettings$Options CHAT_LINKS_PROMPT -> t
    GameSettings$Options SNOOPER_ENABLED -> u
    GameSettings$Options USE_FULLSCREEN -> v
    GameSettings$Options ENABLE_VSYNC -> w
    GameSettings$Options USE_VBO -> x
    GameSettings$Options TOUCHSCREEN -> y
    GameSettings$Options CHAT_SCALE -> z
net.minecraft.src.LoadingScreenRenderer -> avi:
    java.lang.String message -> a
    Minecraft mc -> b
    java.lang.String currentlyDisplayedText -> c
    long systemTime -> d
    boolean loadingSuccess -> e
    ScaledResolution scaledResolution -> f
    Framebuffer framebuffer -> g
net.minecraft.src.ScreenShotHelper -> avj:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.text.DateFormat dateFormat -> b
    java.nio.IntBuffer pixelBuffer -> c
    int[] pixelValues -> d
net.minecraft.src.MinecraftError -> avk:
net.minecraft.src.Timer -> avl:
    float ticksPerSecond -> a
    int elapsedTicks -> b
    float renderPartialTicks -> c
    float timerSpeed -> d
    float elapsedPartialTicks -> e
    double lastHRTime -> f
    long lastSyncSysClock -> g
    long lastSyncHRClock -> h
    long counter -> i
    double timeSyncAdjustment -> j
net.minecraft.src.Session -> avm:
    java.lang.String username -> a
    java.lang.String playerID -> b
    java.lang.String token -> c
    Session$Type sessionType -> d
net.minecraft.src.Session$Type -> avm$a:
    Session$Type LEGACY -> a
    Session$Type MOJANG -> b
    java.util.Map SESSION_TYPES -> c
    java.lang.String sessionType -> d
    Session$Type[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.FontRenderer -> avn:
    int FONT_HEIGHT -> a
    java.util.Random fontRandom -> b
    ResourceLocation[] unicodePageLocations -> c
    int[] charWidth -> d
    byte[] glyphWidth -> e
    int[] colorCode -> f
    ResourceLocation locationFontTexture -> g
    TextureManager renderEngine -> h
    float posX -> i
    float posY -> j
    boolean unicodeFlag -> k
    boolean bidiFlag -> l
    float red -> m
    float blue -> n
    float green -> o
    float alpha -> p
    int textColor -> q
    boolean randomStyle -> r
    boolean boldStyle -> s
    boolean italicStyle -> t
    boolean underlineStyle -> u
    boolean strikethroughStyle -> v
net.minecraft.src.GuiIngame -> avo:
    int titleDisplayTime -> A
    int titleFadeOut -> B
    int playerHealth -> C
    int lastPlayerHealth -> D
    long lastSystemTime -> E
    long healthUpdateCounter -> F
    float prevVignetteBrightness -> a
    ResourceLocation vignetteTexPath -> f
    ResourceLocation widgetsTexPath -> g
    ResourceLocation pumpkinBlurTexPath -> h
    java.util.Random rand -> i
    Minecraft mc -> j
    RenderItem itemRenderer -> k
    GuiNewChat persistantChatGUI -> l
    GuiStreamIndicator streamIndicator -> m
    int updateCounter -> n
    java.lang.String recordPlaying -> o
    int recordPlayingUpFor -> p
    boolean recordIsPlaying -> q
    int remainingHighlightTicks -> r
    ItemStack highlightingItemStack -> s
    GuiOverlayDebug overlayDebug -> t
    GuiSpectator spectatorGui -> u
    GuiPlayerTabOverlay overlayPlayerList -> v
    int titlesTimer -> w
    java.lang.String displayedTitle -> x
    java.lang.String displayedSubTitle -> y
    int titleFadeIn -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiIngame$1 -> avo$1:
    GuiIngame field_178904_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Gui -> avp:
    ResourceLocation optionsBackground -> b
    ResourceLocation statIcons -> c
    ResourceLocation icons -> d
    float zLevel -> e
net.minecraft.src.MapItemRenderer -> avq:
    ResourceLocation mapIcons -> a
    TextureManager textureManager -> b
    java.util.Map loadedMaps -> c
net.minecraft.src.MapItemRenderer$1 -> avq$1:
net.minecraft.src.MapItemRenderer$Instance -> avq$a:
    MapItemRenderer field_148244_a -> a
    MapData mapData -> b
    DynamicTexture mapTexture -> c
    ResourceLocation location -> d
    int[] mapTextureData -> e
net.minecraft.src.ScaledResolution -> avr:
    double scaledWidthD -> a
    double scaledHeightD -> b
    int scaledWidth -> c
    int scaledHeight -> d
    int scaleFactor -> e
net.minecraft.src.GuiButton -> avs:
    ResourceLocation buttonTextures -> a
    int width -> f
    int height -> g
    int xPosition -> h
    int yPosition -> i
    java.lang.String displayString -> j
    int id -> k
    boolean enabled -> l
    boolean visible -> m
    boolean hovered -> n
net.minecraft.src.GuiNewChat -> avt:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    Minecraft mc -> f
    java.util.List sentMessages -> g
    java.util.List chatLines -> h
    java.util.List drawnChatLines -> i
    int scrollPos -> j
    boolean isScrolled -> k
net.minecraft.src.GuiUtilRenderComponents -> avu:
net.minecraft.src.GuiOverlayDebug -> avv:
    Minecraft mc -> a
    FontRenderer fontRenderer -> f
net.minecraft.src.GuiOverlayDebug$1 -> avv$1:
    int[] field_178907_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GuiTextField -> avw:
    int xPosition -> a
    int yPosition -> f
    int id -> g
    FontRenderer fontRendererInstance -> h
    int width -> i
    int height -> j
    java.lang.String text -> k
    int maxStringLength -> l
    int cursorCounter -> m
    boolean enableBackgroundDrawing -> n
    boolean canLoseFocus -> o
    boolean isFocused -> p
    boolean isEnabled -> q
    int lineScrollOffset -> r
    int cursorPosition -> s
    int selectionEnd -> t
    int enabledColor -> u
    int disabledColor -> v
    boolean visible -> w
    GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder field_175210_x -> x
    com.google.common.base.Predicate validator -> y
net.minecraft.src.GuiSlider -> avx:
    boolean isMouseDown -> o
    float sliderPosition -> p
    java.lang.String name -> q
    float min -> r
    float max -> s
    GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder responder -> t
    GuiSlider$FormatHelper formatHelper -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiSlider$FormatHelper -> avx$a:
net.minecraft.src.GuiLabel -> avy:
    int field_146167_a -> a
    int field_146161_f -> f
    int field_146162_g -> g
    int field_146174_h -> h
    int field_175204_i -> i
    boolean visible -> j
    java.util.List field_146173_k -> k
    boolean centered -> l
    boolean labelBgEnabled -> m
    int field_146168_n -> n
    int field_146169_o -> o
    int field_146166_p -> p
    int field_146165_q -> q
    FontRenderer fontRenderer -> r
    int field_146163_s -> s
net.minecraft.src.GuiButtonLanguage -> avz:
net.minecraft.src.CommandPublishLocalServer -> aw:
net.minecraft.src.GuiListButton -> awb:
    boolean field_175216_o -> o
    java.lang.String localizationStr -> p
    GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder guiResponder -> q
net.minecraft.src.GuiLockIconButton -> awc:
    boolean field_175231_o -> o
net.minecraft.src.GuiLockIconButton$Icon -> awc$a:
    GuiLockIconButton$Icon LOCKED -> a
    GuiLockIconButton$Icon LOCKED_HOVER -> b
    GuiLockIconButton$Icon LOCKED_DISABLED -> c
    GuiLockIconButton$Icon UNLOCKED -> d
    GuiLockIconButton$Icon UNLOCKED_HOVER -> e
    GuiLockIconButton$Icon UNLOCKED_DISABLED -> f
    int field_178914_g -> g
    int field_178920_h -> h
    GuiLockIconButton$Icon[] $VALUES -> i
net.minecraft.src.GuiListExtended -> awd:
net.minecraft.src.GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry -> awd$a:
net.minecraft.src.GuiOptionButton -> awe:
    GameSettings$Options enumOptions -> o
net.minecraft.src.GuiOptionsRowList -> awf:
    java.util.List field_148184_k -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiOptionsRowList$Row -> awf$a:
    Minecraft field_148325_a -> a
    GuiButton field_148323_b -> b
    GuiButton field_148324_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.GuiPageButtonList -> awg:
    Gui field_178075_A -> A
    java.util.List field_178074_u -> u
    IntHashMap field_178073_v -> v
    java.util.List field_178072_w -> w
    GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry[][] field_178078_x -> x
    int field_178077_y -> y
    GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder field_178076_z -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry -> awg$a:
    boolean field_178941_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder -> awg$b:
net.minecraft.src.GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry -> awg$c:
    com.google.common.base.Predicate field_178951_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry -> awg$d:
    Minecraft field_178031_a -> a
    Gui field_178029_b -> b
    Gui field_178030_c -> c
    Gui field_178028_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.GuiPageButtonList$GuiLabelEntry -> awg$e:
net.minecraft.src.GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry -> awg$f:
    int field_178939_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_178937_b -> b
    boolean field_178938_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry -> awg$g:
    GuiSlider$FormatHelper field_178949_a -> a
    float field_178947_b -> b
    float field_178948_c -> c
    float field_178946_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.GuiPlayerTabOverlay -> awh:
    com.google.common.collect.Ordering field_175252_a -> a
    Minecraft mc -> f
    GuiIngame guiIngame -> g
    IChatComponent footer -> h
    IChatComponent header -> i
    long lastTimeOpened -> j
    boolean isBeingRendered -> k
net.minecraft.src.GuiPlayerTabOverlay$1 -> awh$1:
net.minecraft.src.GuiPlayerTabOverlay$PlayerComparator -> awh$a:
net.minecraft.src.GuiSlot -> awi:
    Minecraft mc -> a
    int width -> b
    int height -> c
    int top -> d
    int bottom -> e
    int right -> f
    int left -> g
    int slotHeight -> h
    int mouseX -> i
    int mouseY -> j
    boolean field_148163_i -> k
    int initialClickY -> l
    float scrollMultiplier -> m
    float amountScrolled -> n
    int selectedElement -> o
    long lastClicked -> p
    boolean field_178041_q -> q
    boolean showSelectionBox -> r
    boolean hasListHeader -> s
    int headerPadding -> t
    int scrollUpButtonID -> u
    int scrollDownButtonID -> v
    boolean enabled -> w
net.minecraft.src.GuiOptionSlider -> awj:
    boolean dragging -> o
    float sliderValue -> p
    GameSettings$Options options -> q
    float field_146132_r -> r
    float field_146131_s -> s
net.minecraft.src.GuiStreamIndicator -> awk:
    ResourceLocation locationStreamIndicator -> a
    Minecraft mc -> b
    float streamAlpha -> c
    int streamAlphaDelta -> d
net.minecraft.src.GuiSpectator -> awm:
    ResourceLocation field_175269_a -> a
    ResourceLocation field_175267_f -> f
    Minecraft field_175268_g -> g
    long field_175270_h -> h
    SpectatorMenu field_175271_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.GuiButtonRealmsProxy -> awp:
    net.minecraft.realms.RealmsButton realmsButton -> o
net.minecraft.src.GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy -> awq:
    net.minecraft.realms.RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList field_178046_u -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenRealmsProxy -> awr:
    net.minecraft.realms.RealmsScreen field_154330_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GuiSlotRealmsProxy -> aws:
    net.minecraft.realms.RealmsScrolledSelectionList selectionList -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy -> awt:
    net.minecraft.realms.RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList field_178050_u -> u
net.minecraft.src.ScreenChatOptions -> awu:
    GameSettings$Options[] field_146399_a -> a
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> f
    GameSettings game_settings -> g
    java.lang.String field_146401_i -> h
net.minecraft.src.GuiChat -> awv:
    GuiTextField inputField -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> f
    java.lang.String historyBuffer -> g
    int sentHistoryCursor -> h
    boolean playerNamesFound -> i
    boolean waitingOnAutocomplete -> r
    int autocompleteIndex -> s
    java.util.List foundPlayerNames -> t
    java.lang.String defaultInputFieldText -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiConfirmOpenLink -> aww:
    java.lang.String openLinkWarning -> r
    java.lang.String copyLinkButtonText -> s
    java.lang.String linkText -> t
    boolean showSecurityWarning -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiYesNoCallback -> awx:
net.minecraft.src.GuiYesNo -> awy:
    GuiYesNoCallback parentScreen -> a
    java.lang.String messageLine1 -> f
    java.lang.String confirmButtonText -> g
    java.lang.String cancelButtonText -> h
    int parentButtonClickedId -> i
    java.lang.String messageLine2 -> r
    java.util.List field_175298_s -> s
    int ticksUntilEnable -> t
net.minecraft.src.GuiConnecting -> awz:
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger CONNECTION_ID -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> f
    NetworkManager networkManager -> g
    boolean cancel -> h
    GuiScreen previousGuiScreen -> i
net.minecraft.src.GuiConnecting$1 -> awz$1:
    java.lang.String field_148231_a -> a
    int field_148229_b -> b
    GuiConnecting field_148230_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.CommandReplaceItem -> ax:
    java.util.Map SHORTCUTS -> a
net.minecraft.src.GuiCreateFlatWorld -> axa:
    GuiCreateWorld createWorldGui -> a
    FlatGeneratorInfo theFlatGeneratorInfo -> f
    java.lang.String flatWorldTitle -> g
    java.lang.String field_146394_i -> h
    java.lang.String field_146391_r -> i
    GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details createFlatWorldListSlotGui -> r
    GuiButton field_146389_t -> s
    GuiButton field_146388_u -> t
    GuiButton field_146386_v -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details -> axa$a:
    int field_148228_k -> u
    GuiCreateFlatWorld field_148227_l -> v
net.minecraft.src.GuiCreateWorld -> axb:
    GuiButton btnGameMode -> A
    GuiButton btnMoreOptions -> B
    GuiButton btnMapFeatures -> C
    GuiButton btnBonusItems -> D
    GuiButton btnMapType -> E
    GuiButton btnAllowCommands -> F
    GuiButton btnCustomizeType -> G
    java.lang.String gameModeDesc1 -> H
    java.lang.String gameModeDesc2 -> I
    java.lang.String worldSeed -> J
    java.lang.String worldName -> K
    int selectedIndex -> L
    java.lang.String[] disallowedFilenames -> M
    java.lang.String chunkProviderSettingsJson -> a
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> f
    GuiTextField worldNameField -> g
    GuiTextField worldSeedField -> h
    java.lang.String saveDirName -> i
    java.lang.String gameMode -> r
    java.lang.String savedGameMode -> s
    boolean generateStructuresEnabled -> t
    boolean allowCheats -> u
    boolean allowCheatsWasSetByUser -> v
    boolean bonusChestEnabled -> w
    boolean hardCoreMode -> x
    boolean alreadyGenerated -> y
    boolean inMoreWorldOptionsDisplay -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenCustomizePresets -> axc:
    java.lang.String field_175315_a -> a
    java.util.List field_175310_f -> f
    GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset field_175311_g -> g
    GuiButton field_175316_h -> h
    GuiTextField field_175317_i -> i
    GuiCustomizeWorldScreen field_175314_r -> r
    java.lang.String field_175313_s -> s
    java.lang.String field_175312_t -> t
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info -> axc$a:
    java.lang.String field_178955_a -> a
    ResourceLocation field_178953_b -> b
    ChunkProviderSettings$Factory field_178954_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset -> axc$b:
    int field_178053_u -> u
    GuiScreenCustomizePresets field_178052_v -> v
net.minecraft.src.GuiCustomizeWorldScreen -> axd:
    boolean field_175338_A -> A
    int field_175339_B -> B
    boolean field_175340_C -> C
    com.google.common.base.Predicate field_175332_D -> D
    ChunkProviderSettings$Factory field_175334_E -> E
    ChunkProviderSettings$Factory field_175336_F -> F
    java.util.Random random -> G
    java.lang.String field_175341_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_175333_f -> f
    java.lang.String field_175335_g -> g
    java.lang.String[] field_175342_h -> h
    GuiCreateWorld field_175343_i -> i
    GuiPageButtonList field_175349_r -> r
    GuiButton field_175348_s -> s
    GuiButton field_175347_t -> t
    GuiButton field_175346_u -> u
    GuiButton field_175345_v -> v
    GuiButton field_175344_w -> w
    GuiButton field_175352_x -> x
    GuiButton field_175351_y -> y
    GuiButton field_175350_z -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1 -> axd$1:
    GuiCustomizeWorldScreen field_178957_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GuiGameOver -> axe:
    int enableButtonsTimer -> a
    boolean field_146346_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenDemo -> axf:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    ResourceLocation field_146348_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenServerList -> axg:
    GuiScreen field_146303_a -> a
    ServerData field_146301_f -> f
    GuiTextField field_146302_g -> g
net.minecraft.src.GuiDisconnected -> axh:
    java.lang.String reason -> a
    IChatComponent message -> f
    java.util.List multilineMessage -> g
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> h
    int field_175353_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenAddServer -> axi:
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> a
    ServerData serverData -> f
    GuiTextField serverIPField -> g
    GuiTextField serverNameField -> h
    GuiButton serverResourcePacks -> i
    com.google.common.base.Predicate field_181032_r -> r
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenAddServer$1 -> axi$1:
    GuiScreenAddServer field_181167_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GuiErrorScreen -> axj:
    java.lang.String field_146313_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_146312_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.GuiSleepMP -> axk:
net.minecraft.src.GuiLanguage -> axl:
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> a
    GuiLanguage$List list -> f
    GameSettings game_settings_3 -> g
    LanguageManager languageManager -> h
    GuiOptionButton forceUnicodeFontBtn -> i
    GuiOptionButton confirmSettingsBtn -> r
net.minecraft.src.GuiLanguage$List -> axl$a:
    GuiLanguage field_148178_k -> u
    java.util.List langCodeList -> v
    java.util.Map languageMap -> w
net.minecraft.src.GuiOptions -> axn:
    java.lang.String field_146442_a -> a
    GameSettings$Options[] field_146440_f -> f
    GuiScreen field_146441_g -> g
    GameSettings game_settings_1 -> h
    GuiButton field_175357_i -> i
    GuiLockIconButton field_175356_r -> r
net.minecraft.src.GuiOptions$1 -> axn$1:
    GuiOptions field_146130_o -> o
net.minecraft.src.GuiMemoryErrorScreen -> axo:
net.minecraft.src.GuiIngameMenu -> axp:
    int field_146445_a -> a
    int field_146444_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.GuiFlatPresets -> axq:
    java.util.List FLAT_WORLD_PRESETS -> a
    GuiCreateFlatWorld parentScreen -> f
    java.lang.String presetsTitle -> g
    java.lang.String presetsShare -> h
    java.lang.String field_146436_r -> i
    GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot field_146435_s -> r
    GuiButton field_146434_t -> s
    GuiTextField field_146433_u -> t
net.minecraft.src.GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem -> axq$a:
    Item field_148234_a -> a
    int field_179037_b -> b
    java.lang.String field_148232_b -> c
    java.lang.String field_148233_c -> d
net.minecraft.src.GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot -> axq$b:
    int field_148175_k -> u
    GuiFlatPresets field_148174_l -> v
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenWorking -> axr:
    java.lang.String field_146591_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_146589_f -> f
    int progress -> g
    boolean doneWorking -> h
net.minecraft.src.GuiDownloadTerrain -> axs:
    NetHandlerPlayClient netHandlerPlayClient -> a
    int progress -> f
net.minecraft.src.GuiRenameWorld -> axt:
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> a
    GuiTextField field_146583_f -> f
    java.lang.String saveName -> g
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreen -> axu:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
    java.util.Set PROTOCOLS -> f
    com.google.common.base.Splitter NEWLINE_SPLITTER -> g
    GuiButton selectedButton -> h
    int eventButton -> i
    Minecraft mc -> j
    RenderItem itemRender -> k
    int width -> l
    int height -> m
    java.util.List buttonList -> n
    java.util.List labelList -> o
    boolean allowUserInput -> p
    FontRenderer fontRendererObj -> q
    long lastMouseEvent -> r
    int touchValue -> s
    java.net.URI clickedLinkURI -> t
net.minecraft.src.GuiSelectWorld -> axv:
    GuiButton renameButton -> A
    GuiButton recreateButton -> B
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> a
    java.lang.String screenTitle -> f
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> g
    java.text.DateFormat field_146633_h -> h
    boolean field_146634_i -> i
    int selectedIndex -> r
    java.util.List field_146639_s -> s
    GuiSelectWorld$List availableWorlds -> t
    java.lang.String field_146637_u -> u
    java.lang.String field_146636_v -> v
    java.lang.String[] field_146635_w -> w
    boolean confirmingDelete -> x
    GuiButton deleteButton -> y
    GuiButton selectButton -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiSelectWorld$List -> axv$a:
    GuiSelectWorld field_148207_k -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiShareToLan -> axw:
    GuiScreen field_146598_a -> a
    GuiButton field_146596_f -> f
    GuiButton field_146597_g -> g
    java.lang.String field_146599_h -> h
    boolean field_146600_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.GuiCustomizeSkin -> axx:
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> a
    java.lang.String title -> f
net.minecraft.src.GuiCustomizeSkin$1 -> axx$1:
net.minecraft.src.GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart -> axx$a:
    GuiCustomizeSkin field_175235_o -> o
    EnumPlayerModelParts playerModelParts -> p
net.minecraft.src.GuiSnooper -> axy:
    GuiScreen field_146608_a -> a
    GameSettings game_settings_2 -> f
    java.util.List field_146604_g -> g
    java.util.List field_146609_h -> h
    java.lang.String field_146610_i -> i
    java.lang.String[] field_146607_r -> r
    GuiSnooper$List field_146606_s -> s
    GuiButton field_146605_t -> t
net.minecraft.src.GuiSnooper$List -> axy$a:
    GuiSnooper field_148206_k -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenOptionsSounds -> axz:
    java.lang.String field_146507_a -> a
    GuiScreen field_146505_f -> f
    GameSettings game_settings_4 -> g
    java.lang.String field_146508_h -> h
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button -> axz$a:
    float field_146156_o -> o
    boolean field_146155_p -> p
    GuiScreenOptionsSounds field_146154_q -> q
    SoundCategory field_146153_r -> r
    java.lang.String field_146152_s -> s
net.minecraft.src.CommandSaveAll -> ay:
net.minecraft.src.GuiMainMenu -> aya:
    ResourceLocation splashTexts -> A
    ResourceLocation minecraftTitleTextures -> B
    ResourceLocation[] titlePanoramaPaths -> C
    int field_92024_r -> D
    int field_92023_s -> E
    int field_92022_t -> F
    int field_92021_u -> G
    int field_92020_v -> H
    int field_92019_w -> I
    ResourceLocation backgroundTexture -> J
    GuiButton realmsButton -> K
    boolean field_183502_L -> L
    GuiScreen field_183503_M -> M
    java.lang.String field_96138_a -> a
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger field_175373_f -> f
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> g
    java.util.Random RANDOM -> h
    float updateCounter -> i
    java.lang.String splashText -> r
    GuiButton buttonResetDemo -> s
    int panoramaTimer -> t
    DynamicTexture viewportTexture -> u
    boolean field_175375_v -> v
    java.lang.Object threadLock -> w
    java.lang.String openGLWarning1 -> x
    java.lang.String openGLWarning2 -> y
    java.lang.String openGLWarningLink -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiVideoSettings -> ayb:
    java.lang.String screenTitle -> a
    GuiScreen parentGuiScreen -> f
    GameSettings guiGameSettings -> g
    GuiListExtended optionsRowList -> h
    GameSettings$Options[] videoOptions -> i
net.minecraft.src.GuiWinGame -> ayc:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    ResourceLocation MINECRAFT_LOGO -> f
    ResourceLocation VIGNETTE_TEXTURE -> g
    int field_146581_h -> h
    java.util.List field_146582_i -> i
    int field_146579_r -> r
    float field_146578_s -> s
net.minecraft.src.GuiAchievement -> ayd:
    ResourceLocation achievementBg -> a
    Minecraft mc -> f
    int width -> g
    int height -> h
    java.lang.String achievementTitle -> i
    java.lang.String achievementDescription -> j
    Achievement theAchievement -> k
    long notificationTime -> l
    RenderItem renderItem -> m
    boolean permanentNotification -> n
net.minecraft.src.GuiAchievements -> aye:
    int field_146559_A -> A
    int field_146560_B -> B
    ResourceLocation ACHIEVEMENT_BACKGROUND -> C
    int field_146554_D -> D
    StatFileWriter statFileWriter -> E
    boolean loadingAchievements -> F
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> a
    int field_146555_f -> f
    int field_146557_g -> g
    int field_146563_h -> h
    int field_146564_i -> i
    float field_146570_r -> r
    double field_146569_s -> s
    double field_146568_t -> t
    double field_146567_u -> u
    double field_146566_v -> v
    double field_146565_w -> w
    double field_146573_x -> x
    int field_146572_y -> y
    int field_146571_z -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiStats -> ayf:
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> a
    java.lang.String screenTitle -> f
    GuiStats$StatsGeneral generalStats -> g
    GuiStats$StatsItem itemStats -> h
    GuiStats$StatsBlock blockStats -> i
    GuiStats$StatsMobsList mobStats -> r
    StatFileWriter field_146546_t -> s
    GuiSlot displaySlot -> t
    boolean doesGuiPauseGame -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiStats$StatsBlock -> ayf$a:
    GuiStats field_148221_k -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiStats$StatsBlock$1 -> ayf$a$1:
    GuiStats field_148341_a -> a
    GuiStats$StatsBlock field_148340_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.GuiStats$StatsGeneral -> ayf$b:
    GuiStats field_148208_k -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiStats$StatsItem -> ayf$c:
    GuiStats field_148220_k -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiStats$StatsItem$1 -> ayf$c$1:
    GuiStats field_148344_a -> a
    GuiStats$StatsItem field_148343_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.GuiStats$StatsMobsList -> ayf$d:
    GuiStats field_148223_k -> u
    java.util.List field_148222_l -> v
net.minecraft.src.GuiStats$Stats -> ayf$e:
    GuiStats field_148214_q -> A
    int field_148218_l -> v
    java.util.List statsHolder -> w
    java.util.Comparator statSorter -> x
    int field_148217_o -> y
    int field_148215_p -> z
net.minecraft.src.IProgressMeter -> ayg:
    java.lang.String[] lanSearchStates -> c_
net.minecraft.src.GuiKeyBindingList -> ayi:
    GuiControls field_148191_k -> u
    Minecraft mc -> v
    GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry[] listEntries -> w
    int maxListLabelWidth -> x
net.minecraft.src.GuiKeyBindingList$1 -> ayi$1:
net.minecraft.src.GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry -> ayi$a:
    GuiKeyBindingList field_148287_a -> a
    java.lang.String labelText -> b
    int labelWidth -> c
net.minecraft.src.GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry -> ayi$b:
    GuiKeyBindingList field_148284_a -> a
    KeyBinding keybinding -> b
    java.lang.String keyDesc -> c
    GuiButton btnChangeKeyBinding -> d
    GuiButton btnReset -> e
net.minecraft.src.GuiControls -> ayj:
    java.lang.String screenTitle -> a
    KeyBinding buttonId -> f
    long time -> g
    GameSettings$Options[] optionsArr -> h
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> i
    GameSettings options -> r
    GuiKeyBindingList keyBindingList -> s
    GuiButton buttonReset -> t
net.minecraft.src.GuiContainer -> ayl:
    Slot returningStackDestSlot -> A
    long returningStackTime -> B
    ItemStack returningStack -> C
    Slot currentDragTargetSlot -> D
    long dragItemDropDelay -> E
    int dragSplittingLimit -> F
    int dragSplittingButton -> G
    boolean ignoreMouseUp -> H
    int dragSplittingRemnant -> I
    long lastClickTime -> J
    Slot lastClickSlot -> K
    int lastClickButton -> L
    boolean doubleClick -> M
    ItemStack shiftClickedSlot -> N
    ResourceLocation inventoryBackground -> a
    int xSize -> f
    int ySize -> g
    Container inventorySlots -> h
    int guiLeft -> i
    int guiTop -> r
    java.util.Set dragSplittingSlots -> s
    boolean dragSplitting -> t
    Slot theSlot -> u
    Slot clickedSlot -> v
    boolean isRightMouseClick -> w
    ItemStack draggedStack -> x
    int touchUpX -> y
    int touchUpY -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiRepair -> aym:
    ResourceLocation anvilResource -> u
    ContainerRepair anvil -> v
    GuiTextField nameField -> w
    InventoryPlayer playerInventory -> x
net.minecraft.src.GuiBeacon -> ayn:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> u
    ResourceLocation beaconGuiTextures -> v
    IInventory tileBeacon -> w
    GuiBeacon$ConfirmButton beaconConfirmButton -> x
    boolean buttonsNotDrawn -> y
net.minecraft.src.GuiBeacon$CancelButton -> ayn$a:
    GuiBeacon field_146146_o -> o
net.minecraft.src.GuiBeacon$ConfirmButton -> ayn$b:
    GuiBeacon field_146147_o -> o
net.minecraft.src.GuiBeacon$PowerButton -> ayn$c:
    GuiBeacon field_146150_o -> o
    int field_146149_p -> p
    int field_146148_q -> q
net.minecraft.src.GuiBeacon$Button -> ayn$d:
    ResourceLocation field_146145_o -> o
    int field_146144_p -> p
    int field_146143_q -> q
    boolean field_146142_r -> r
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenBook -> ayo:
    java.util.List field_175386_A -> A
    int field_175387_B -> B
    GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton buttonNextPage -> C
    GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton buttonPreviousPage -> D
    GuiButton buttonDone -> E
    GuiButton buttonSign -> F
    GuiButton buttonFinalize -> G
    GuiButton buttonCancel -> H
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    ResourceLocation bookGuiTextures -> f
    EntityPlayer editingPlayer -> g
    ItemStack bookObj -> h
    boolean bookIsUnsigned -> i
    boolean bookIsModified -> r
    boolean bookGettingSigned -> s
    int updateCount -> t
    int bookImageWidth -> u
    int bookImageHeight -> v
    int bookTotalPages -> w
    int currPage -> x
    NBTTagList bookPages -> y
    java.lang.String bookTitle -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton -> ayo$a:
    boolean field_146151_o -> o
net.minecraft.src.GuiBrewingStand -> ayp:
    ResourceLocation brewingStandGuiTextures -> u
    InventoryPlayer playerInventory -> v
    IInventory tileBrewingStand -> w
net.minecraft.src.GuiCommandBlock -> ayq:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger field_146488_a -> a
    GuiTextField commandTextField -> f
    GuiTextField previousOutputTextField -> g
    CommandBlockLogic localCommandBlock -> h
    GuiButton doneBtn -> i
    GuiButton cancelBtn -> r
    GuiButton field_175390_s -> s
    boolean field_175389_t -> t
net.minecraft.src.GuiChest -> ayr:
    ResourceLocation CHEST_GUI_TEXTURE -> u
    IInventory upperChestInventory -> v
    IInventory lowerChestInventory -> w
    int inventoryRows -> x
net.minecraft.src.GuiCrafting -> ays:
    ResourceLocation craftingTableGuiTextures -> u
net.minecraft.src.CreativeCrafting -> ayt:
    Minecraft mc -> a
net.minecraft.src.GuiContainerCreative -> ayu:
    GuiTextField searchField -> A
    java.util.List field_147063_B -> B
    Slot field_147064_C -> C
    boolean field_147057_D -> D
    CreativeCrafting field_147059_E -> E
    ResourceLocation creativeInventoryTabs -> u
    InventoryBasic field_147060_v -> v
    int selectedTabIndex -> w
    float currentScroll -> x
    boolean isScrolling -> y
    boolean wasClicking -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative -> ayu$a:
    java.util.List itemList -> a
net.minecraft.src.GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot -> ayu$b:
    GuiContainerCreative field_148333_a -> a
    Slot slot -> b
net.minecraft.src.GuiDispenser -> ayv:
    IInventory dispenserInventory -> u
    ResourceLocation dispenserGuiTextures -> v
    InventoryPlayer playerInventory -> w
net.minecraft.src.InventoryEffectRenderer -> ayw:
    boolean hasActivePotionEffects -> u
net.minecraft.src.EnchantmentNameParts -> ayx:
    EnchantmentNameParts instance -> a
    java.util.Random rand -> b
    java.lang.String[] namePartsArray -> c
net.minecraft.src.GuiEnchantment -> ayy:
    float field_147076_A -> A
    ItemStack field_147077_B -> B
    ResourceLocation ENCHANTMENT_TABLE_GUI_TEXTURE -> C
    ResourceLocation ENCHANTMENT_TABLE_BOOK_TEXTURE -> D
    ModelBook MODEL_BOOK -> E
    InventoryPlayer playerInventory -> F
    java.util.Random random -> G
    ContainerEnchantment container -> H
    IWorldNameable field_175380_I -> I
    int field_147073_u -> u
    float field_147071_v -> v
    float field_147069_w -> w
    float field_147082_x -> x
    float field_147081_y -> y
    float field_147080_z -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiFurnace -> ayz:
    ResourceLocation furnaceGuiTextures -> u
    InventoryPlayer playerInventory -> v
    IInventory tileFurnace -> w
net.minecraft.src.CommandSaveOff -> az:
net.minecraft.src.GuiHopper -> aza:
    ResourceLocation HOPPER_GUI_TEXTURE -> u
    IInventory playerInventory -> v
    IInventory hopperInventory -> w
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenHorseInventory -> azb:
    ResourceLocation horseGuiTextures -> u
    IInventory playerInventory -> v
    IInventory horseInventory -> w
    EntityHorse horseEntity -> x
    float mousePosx -> y
    float mousePosY -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiInventory -> azc:
    float oldMouseX -> u
    float oldMouseY -> v
net.minecraft.src.GuiMerchant -> azd:
    IChatComponent chatComponent -> A
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> u
    ResourceLocation MERCHANT_GUI_TEXTURE -> v
    IMerchant merchant -> w
    GuiMerchant$MerchantButton nextButton -> x
    GuiMerchant$MerchantButton previousButton -> y
    int selectedMerchantRecipe -> z
net.minecraft.src.GuiMerchant$MerchantButton -> azd$a:
    boolean field_146157_o -> o
net.minecraft.src.GuiEditSign -> aze:
    TileEntitySign tileSign -> a
    int updateCounter -> f
    int editLine -> g
    GuiButton doneBtn -> h
net.minecraft.src.GuiMultiplayer -> azh:
    LanServerDetector$LanServerList lanServerList -> A
    LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind lanServerDetector -> B
    boolean initialized -> C
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    OldServerPinger oldServerPinger -> f
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> g
    ServerSelectionList serverListSelector -> h
    ServerList savedServerList -> i
    GuiButton btnEditServer -> r
    GuiButton btnSelectServer -> s
    GuiButton btnDeleteServer -> t
    boolean deletingServer -> u
    boolean addingServer -> v
    boolean editingServer -> w
    boolean directConnect -> x
    java.lang.String hoveringText -> y
    ServerData selectedServer -> z
net.minecraft.src.ServerListEntryLanScan -> azi:
    Minecraft mc -> a
net.minecraft.src.ServerListEntryLanDetected -> azj:
    Minecraft mc -> a
    LanServerDetector$LanServer field_148291_b -> b
    GuiMultiplayer field_148292_c -> c
    long field_148290_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.ServerListEntryNormal -> azk:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor field_148302_b -> b
    ResourceLocation UNKNOWN_SERVER -> c
    ResourceLocation SERVER_SELECTION_BUTTONS -> d
    GuiMultiplayer owner -> e
    Minecraft mc -> f
    ServerData server -> g
    ResourceLocation serverIcon -> h
    java.lang.String field_148299_g -> i
    DynamicTexture field_148305_h -> j
    long field_148298_f -> k
net.minecraft.src.ServerListEntryNormal$1 -> azk$1:
    ServerListEntryNormal field_148521_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ServerSelectionList -> azl:
    GuiMultiplayer owner -> u
    java.util.List serverListInternet -> v
    java.util.List serverListLan -> w
    GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry lanScanEntry -> x
    int selectedSlotIndex -> y
net.minecraft.src.GuiScreenResourcePacks -> azo:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> f
    java.util.List availableResourcePacks -> g
    java.util.List selectedResourcePacks -> h
    GuiResourcePackAvailable availableResourcePacksList -> i
    GuiResourcePackSelected selectedResourcePacksList -> r
    boolean changed -> s
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackListEntry -> azp:
    Minecraft mc -> a
    GuiScreenResourcePacks resourcePacksGUI -> b
    ResourceLocation RESOURCE_PACKS_TEXTURE -> c
    IChatComponent field_183020_d -> d
    IChatComponent field_183021_e -> e
    IChatComponent field_183022_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackListEntry$1 -> azp$1:
    ResourcePackListEntry field_183004_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackListEntryDefault -> azq:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> c
    IResourcePack field_148320_d -> d
    ResourceLocation resourcePackIcon -> e
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackListEntryFound -> azr:
    ResourcePackRepository$Entry field_148319_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.GuiResourcePackAvailable -> azt:
net.minecraft.src.GuiResourcePackList -> azu:
    Minecraft mc -> u
    java.util.List field_148204_l -> v
net.minecraft.src.GuiResourcePackSelected -> azv:
net.minecraft.src.GuiIngestServers -> azy:
    GuiScreen field_152309_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_152310_f -> f
    GuiIngestServers$ServerList field_152311_g -> g
net.minecraft.src.GuiIngestServers$ServerList -> azy$a:
    GuiIngestServers field_152435_k -> u
net.minecraft.src.GuiStreamOptions -> azz:
    GameSettings$Options[] field_152312_a -> a
    GameSettings$Options[] field_152316_f -> f
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> g
    GameSettings field_152318_h -> h
    java.lang.String field_152319_i -> i
    java.lang.String field_152313_r -> r
    int field_152314_s -> s
    boolean field_152315_t -> t
net.minecraft.src.CrashReport -> b:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.lang.String description -> b
    java.lang.Throwable cause -> c
    CrashReportCategory theReportCategory -> d
    java.util.List crashReportSections -> e
    java.io.File crashReportFile -> f
    boolean firstCategoryInCrashReport -> g
    java.lang.StackTraceElement[] stacktrace -> h
net.minecraft.src.CrashReport$1 -> b$1:
    CrashReport field_71494_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReport$2 -> b$2:
    CrashReport field_71496_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReport$3 -> b$3:
    CrashReport field_71490_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReport$4 -> b$4:
    CrashReport field_71492_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReport$5 -> b$5:
    CrashReport field_71486_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReport$6 -> b$6:
    CrashReport field_71488_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReport$7 -> b$7:
    CrashReport field_83004_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandSaveOn -> ba:
net.minecraft.src.GuiStreamUnavailable -> baa:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger field_152322_a -> a
    IChatComponent field_152324_f -> f
    GuiScreen parentScreen -> g
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason field_152326_h -> h
    java.util.List field_152327_i -> i
    java.util.List field_152323_r -> r
net.minecraft.src.GuiStreamUnavailable$1 -> baa$1:
    int[] field_152577_a -> a
    int[] field_152578_b -> b
    int[] field_152579_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason -> baa$a:
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason NO_FBO -> a
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason LIBRARY_ARCH_MISMATCH -> b
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason LIBRARY_FAILURE -> c
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason UNSUPPORTED_OS_WINDOWS -> d
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason UNSUPPORTED_OS_MAC -> e
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason UNSUPPORTED_OS_OTHER -> f
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason ACCOUNT_NOT_MIGRATED -> g
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason ACCOUNT_NOT_BOUND -> h
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason FAILED_TWITCH_AUTH -> i
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason FAILED_TWITCH_AUTH_ERROR -> j
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason INITIALIZATION_FAILURE -> k
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason UNKNOWN -> l
    IChatComponent field_152574_m -> m
    IChatComponent field_152575_n -> n
    GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason[] $VALUES -> o
net.minecraft.src.GuiTwitchUserMode -> bab:
    EnumChatFormatting field_152331_a -> a
    EnumChatFormatting field_152335_f -> f
    EnumChatFormatting field_152336_g -> g
    tv.twitch.chat.ChatUserInfo field_152337_h -> h
    IChatComponent field_152338_i -> i
    java.util.List field_152332_r -> r
    IStream stream -> s
    int field_152334_t -> t
net.minecraft.src.PlayerMenuObject -> bad:
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile profile -> a
    ResourceLocation resourceLocation -> b
net.minecraft.src.BaseSpectatorGroup -> bae:
    java.util.List field_178671_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SpectatorMenu -> baf:
    ISpectatorMenuObject field_178657_a -> a
    ISpectatorMenuObject field_178655_b -> b
    ISpectatorMenuObject field_178656_c -> c
    ISpectatorMenuObject field_178653_d -> d
    ISpectatorMenuObject field_178654_e -> e
    ISpectatorMenuRecipient field_178651_f -> f
    java.util.List field_178652_g -> g
    ISpectatorMenuView field_178659_h -> h
    int field_178660_i -> i
    int field_178658_j -> j
net.minecraft.src.SpectatorMenu$1 -> baf$1:
net.minecraft.src.SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject -> baf$a:
net.minecraft.src.SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject -> baf$b:
    int field_178666_a -> a
    boolean field_178665_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ISpectatorMenuView -> bag:
net.minecraft.src.ISpectatorMenuObject -> bah:
net.minecraft.src.ISpectatorMenuRecipient -> bai:
net.minecraft.src.SpectatorDetails -> baj:
    ISpectatorMenuView field_178684_a -> a
    java.util.List field_178682_b -> b
    int field_178683_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.TeleportToPlayer -> bak:
    com.google.common.collect.Ordering field_178674_a -> a
    java.util.List field_178673_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.TeleportToPlayer$1 -> bak$1:
net.minecraft.src.TeleportToTeam -> bal:
    java.util.List field_178672_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject -> bal$a:
    TeleportToTeam field_178678_a -> a
    ScorePlayerTeam field_178676_b -> b
    ResourceLocation field_178677_c -> c
    java.util.List field_178675_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.GameConfiguration -> bao:
    GameConfiguration$UserInformation userInfo -> a
    GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation displayInfo -> b
    GameConfiguration$FolderInformation folderInfo -> c
    GameConfiguration$GameInformation gameInfo -> d
    GameConfiguration$ServerInformation serverInfo -> e
net.minecraft.src.GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation -> bao$a:
    int width -> a
    int height -> b
    boolean fullscreen -> c
    boolean checkGlErrors -> d
net.minecraft.src.GameConfiguration$FolderInformation -> bao$b:
    java.io.File mcDataDir -> a
    java.io.File resourcePacksDir -> b
    java.io.File assetsDir -> c
    java.lang.String assetIndex -> d
net.minecraft.src.GameConfiguration$GameInformation -> bao$c:
    boolean isDemo -> a
    java.lang.String version -> b
net.minecraft.src.GameConfiguration$ServerInformation -> bao$d:
    java.lang.String serverName -> a
    int serverPort -> b
net.minecraft.src.GameConfiguration$UserInformation -> bao$e:
    Session session -> a
    com.mojang.authlib.properties.PropertyMap userProperties -> b
    com.mojang.authlib.properties.PropertyMap profileProperties -> c
    java.net.Proxy proxy -> d
net.minecraft.src.ModelArmorStandArmor -> bas:
net.minecraft.src.ModelArmorStand -> bat:
    ModelRenderer standRightSide -> a
    ModelRenderer standLeftSide -> b
    ModelRenderer standWaist -> c
    ModelRenderer standBase -> d
net.minecraft.src.ModelBanner -> bau:
    ModelRenderer bannerSlate -> a
    ModelRenderer bannerStand -> b
    ModelRenderer bannerTop -> c
net.minecraft.src.ModelBat -> bav:
    ModelRenderer batHead -> a
    ModelRenderer batBody -> b
    ModelRenderer batRightWing -> c
    ModelRenderer batLeftWing -> d
    ModelRenderer batOuterRightWing -> e
    ModelRenderer batOuterLeftWing -> f
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlaze -> baw:
    ModelRenderer[] blazeSticks -> a
    ModelRenderer blazeHead -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelBoat -> bax:
    ModelRenderer[] boatSides -> a
net.minecraft.src.ModelBook -> bay:
    ModelRenderer coverRight -> a
    ModelRenderer coverLeft -> b
    ModelRenderer pagesRight -> c
    ModelRenderer pagesLeft -> d
    ModelRenderer flippingPageRight -> e
    ModelRenderer flippingPageLeft -> f
    ModelRenderer bookSpine -> g
net.minecraft.src.ModelChest -> baz:
    ModelRenderer chestLid -> a
    ModelRenderer chestBelow -> b
    ModelRenderer chestKnob -> c
net.minecraft.src.CommandBroadcast -> bb:
net.minecraft.src.ModelChicken -> bba:
    ModelRenderer head -> a
    ModelRenderer body -> b
    ModelRenderer rightLeg -> c
    ModelRenderer leftLeg -> d
    ModelRenderer rightWing -> e
    ModelRenderer leftWing -> f
    ModelRenderer bill -> g
    ModelRenderer chin -> h
net.minecraft.src.ModelCow -> bbb:
net.minecraft.src.ModelCreeper -> bbc:
    ModelRenderer head -> a
    ModelRenderer creeperArmor -> b
    ModelRenderer body -> c
    ModelRenderer leg1 -> d
    ModelRenderer leg2 -> e
    ModelRenderer leg3 -> f
    ModelRenderer leg4 -> g
net.minecraft.src.ModelEnderman -> bbd:
    boolean isCarrying -> a
    boolean isAttacking -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelEnderMite -> bbe:
    int[][] field_178716_a -> a
    int[][] field_178714_b -> b
    int field_178715_c -> c
    ModelRenderer[] field_178713_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.ModelGhast -> bbf:
    ModelRenderer body -> a
    ModelRenderer[] tentacles -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelGuardian -> bbg:
    ModelRenderer guardianBody -> a
    ModelRenderer guardianEye -> b
    ModelRenderer[] guardianSpines -> c
    ModelRenderer[] guardianTail -> d
net.minecraft.src.ModelHorse -> bbh:
    ModelRenderer frontLeftLeg -> A
    ModelRenderer frontLeftShin -> B
    ModelRenderer frontLeftHoof -> C
    ModelRenderer frontRightLeg -> D
    ModelRenderer frontRightShin -> E
    ModelRenderer frontRightHoof -> F
    ModelRenderer muleLeftChest -> G
    ModelRenderer muleRightChest -> H
    ModelRenderer horseSaddleBottom -> I
    ModelRenderer horseSaddleFront -> J
    ModelRenderer horseSaddleBack -> K
    ModelRenderer horseLeftSaddleRope -> L
    ModelRenderer horseLeftSaddleMetal -> M
    ModelRenderer horseRightSaddleRope -> N
    ModelRenderer horseRightSaddleMetal -> O
    ModelRenderer horseLeftFaceMetal -> P
    ModelRenderer horseRightFaceMetal -> Q
    ModelRenderer horseLeftRein -> R
    ModelRenderer horseRightRein -> S
    ModelRenderer head -> a
    ModelRenderer field_178711_b -> b
    ModelRenderer field_178712_c -> c
    ModelRenderer horseLeftEar -> d
    ModelRenderer horseRightEar -> e
    ModelRenderer muleLeftEar -> f
    ModelRenderer muleRightEar -> g
    ModelRenderer neck -> h
    ModelRenderer horseFaceRopes -> i
    ModelRenderer mane -> j
    ModelRenderer body -> k
    ModelRenderer tailBase -> l
    ModelRenderer tailMiddle -> m
    ModelRenderer tailTip -> n
    ModelRenderer backLeftLeg -> o
    ModelRenderer backLeftShin -> v
    ModelRenderer backLeftHoof -> w
    ModelRenderer backRightLeg -> x
    ModelRenderer backRightShin -> y
    ModelRenderer backRightHoof -> z
net.minecraft.src.ModelHumanoidHead -> bbi:
    ModelRenderer head -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelBiped -> bbj:
    ModelRenderer bipedHead -> e
    ModelRenderer bipedHeadwear -> f
    ModelRenderer bipedBody -> g
    ModelRenderer bipedRightArm -> h
    ModelRenderer bipedLeftArm -> i
    ModelRenderer bipedRightLeg -> j
    ModelRenderer bipedLeftLeg -> k
    int heldItemLeft -> l
    int heldItemRight -> m
    boolean isSneak -> n
    boolean aimedBow -> o
net.minecraft.src.ModelLargeChest -> bbk:
net.minecraft.src.ModelMagmaCube -> bbl:
    ModelRenderer[] segments -> a
    ModelRenderer core -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelLeashKnot -> bbm:
    ModelRenderer field_110723_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ModelMinecart -> bbn:
    ModelRenderer[] sideModels -> a
net.minecraft.src.ModelBase -> bbo:
    java.util.Map modelTextureMap -> a
    float swingProgress -> p
    boolean isRiding -> q
    boolean isChild -> r
    java.util.List boxList -> s
    int textureWidth -> t
    int textureHeight -> u
net.minecraft.src.ModelOcelot -> bbp:
    ModelRenderer ocelotBackLeftLeg -> a
    ModelRenderer ocelotBackRightLeg -> b
    ModelRenderer ocelotFrontLeftLeg -> c
    ModelRenderer ocelotFrontRightLeg -> d
    ModelRenderer ocelotTail -> e
    ModelRenderer ocelotTail2 -> f
    ModelRenderer ocelotHead -> g
    ModelRenderer ocelotBody -> h
    int field_78163_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.ModelPig -> bbq:
net.minecraft.src.ModelPlayer -> bbr:
    ModelRenderer bipedLeftArmwear -> a
    ModelRenderer bipedRightArmwear -> b
    ModelRenderer bipedLeftLegwear -> c
    ModelRenderer bipedRightLegwear -> d
    ModelRenderer bipedBodyWear -> v
    ModelRenderer bipedCape -> w
    ModelRenderer bipedDeadmau5Head -> x
    boolean smallArms -> y
net.minecraft.src.TexturedQuad -> bbs:
    PositionTextureVertex[] vertexPositions -> a
    int nVertices -> b
    boolean invertNormal -> c
net.minecraft.src.ModelQuadruped -> bbt:
    ModelRenderer head -> a
    ModelRenderer body -> b
    ModelRenderer leg1 -> c
    ModelRenderer leg2 -> d
    ModelRenderer leg3 -> e
    ModelRenderer leg4 -> f
    float childYOffset -> g
    float childZOffset -> h
net.minecraft.src.ModelRabbit -> bbu:
    ModelRenderer rabbitLeftFoot -> a
    ModelRenderer rabbitRightFoot -> b
    ModelRenderer rabbitLeftThigh -> c
    ModelRenderer rabbitRightThigh -> d
    ModelRenderer rabbitBody -> e
    ModelRenderer rabbitLeftArm -> f
    ModelRenderer rabbitRightArm -> g
    ModelRenderer rabbitHead -> h
    ModelRenderer rabbitRightEar -> i
    ModelRenderer rabbitLeftEar -> j
    ModelRenderer rabbitTail -> k
    ModelRenderer rabbitNose -> l
    float field_178701_m -> m
    float field_178699_n -> n
net.minecraft.src.ModelSheep1 -> bbv:
    float headRotationAngleX -> i
net.minecraft.src.ModelSheep2 -> bbw:
    float headRotationAngleX -> i
net.minecraft.src.ModelSign -> bbx:
    ModelRenderer signBoard -> a
    ModelRenderer signStick -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelSilverfish -> bby:
    ModelRenderer[] silverfishBodyParts -> a
    ModelRenderer[] silverfishWings -> b
    float[] field_78170_c -> c
    int[][] silverfishBoxLength -> d
    int[][] silverfishTexturePositions -> e
net.minecraft.src.ModelSkeletonHead -> bbz:
    ModelRenderer skeletonHead -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandScoreboard -> bc:
net.minecraft.src.ModelSkeleton -> bca:
net.minecraft.src.ModelSlime -> bcc:
    ModelRenderer slimeBodies -> a
    ModelRenderer slimeRightEye -> b
    ModelRenderer slimeLeftEye -> c
    ModelRenderer slimeMouth -> d
net.minecraft.src.ModelSnowMan -> bcd:
    ModelRenderer body -> a
    ModelRenderer bottomBody -> b
    ModelRenderer head -> c
    ModelRenderer rightHand -> d
    ModelRenderer leftHand -> e
net.minecraft.src.ModelSpider -> bce:
    ModelRenderer spiderHead -> a
    ModelRenderer spiderNeck -> b
    ModelRenderer spiderBody -> c
    ModelRenderer spiderLeg1 -> d
    ModelRenderer spiderLeg2 -> e
    ModelRenderer spiderLeg3 -> f
    ModelRenderer spiderLeg4 -> g
    ModelRenderer spiderLeg5 -> h
    ModelRenderer spiderLeg6 -> i
    ModelRenderer spiderLeg7 -> j
    ModelRenderer spiderLeg8 -> k
net.minecraft.src.ModelSquid -> bcf:
    ModelRenderer squidBody -> a
    ModelRenderer[] squidTentacles -> b
net.minecraft.src.PositionTextureVertex -> bcg:
    Vec3 vector3D -> a
    float texturePositionX -> b
    float texturePositionY -> c
net.minecraft.src.ModelIronGolem -> bch:
    ModelRenderer ironGolemHead -> a
    ModelRenderer ironGolemBody -> b
    ModelRenderer ironGolemRightArm -> c
    ModelRenderer ironGolemLeftArm -> d
    ModelRenderer ironGolemLeftLeg -> e
    ModelRenderer ironGolemRightLeg -> f
net.minecraft.src.ModelVillager -> bci:
    ModelRenderer villagerHead -> a
    ModelRenderer villagerBody -> b
    ModelRenderer villagerArms -> c
    ModelRenderer rightVillagerLeg -> d
    ModelRenderer leftVillagerLeg -> e
    ModelRenderer villagerNose -> f
net.minecraft.src.ModelZombieVillager -> bcj:
net.minecraft.src.ModelWitch -> bck:
    boolean field_82900_g -> g
    ModelRenderer field_82901_h -> h
    ModelRenderer witchHat -> i
net.minecraft.src.ModelWither -> bcl:
    ModelRenderer[] field_82905_a -> a
    ModelRenderer[] field_82904_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelWolf -> bcm:
    ModelRenderer wolfHeadMain -> a
    ModelRenderer wolfBody -> b
    ModelRenderer wolfLeg1 -> c
    ModelRenderer wolfLeg2 -> d
    ModelRenderer wolfLeg3 -> e
    ModelRenderer wolfLeg4 -> f
    ModelRenderer wolfTail -> g
    ModelRenderer wolfMane -> h
net.minecraft.src.ModelZombie -> bcn:
net.minecraft.src.ModelDragon -> bco:
    ModelRenderer head -> a
    ModelRenderer spine -> b
    ModelRenderer jaw -> c
    ModelRenderer body -> d
    ModelRenderer rearLeg -> e
    ModelRenderer frontLeg -> f
    ModelRenderer rearLegTip -> g
    ModelRenderer frontLegTip -> h
    ModelRenderer rearFoot -> i
    ModelRenderer frontFoot -> j
    ModelRenderer wing -> k
    ModelRenderer wingTip -> l
    float partialTicks -> m
net.minecraft.src.ModelEnderCrystal -> bcp:
    ModelRenderer cube -> a
    ModelRenderer glass -> b
    ModelRenderer base -> c
net.minecraft.src.ModelBox -> bcr:
    float posX1 -> a
    float posY1 -> b
    float posZ1 -> c
    float posX2 -> d
    float posY2 -> e
    float posZ2 -> f
    java.lang.String boxName -> g
    PositionTextureVertex[] vertexPositions -> h
    TexturedQuad[] quadList -> i
net.minecraft.src.ModelRenderer -> bct:
    float textureWidth -> a
    float textureHeight -> b
    float rotationPointX -> c
    float rotationPointY -> d
    float rotationPointZ -> e
    float rotateAngleX -> f
    float rotateAngleY -> g
    float rotateAngleZ -> h
    boolean mirror -> i
    boolean showModel -> j
    boolean isHidden -> k
    java.util.List cubeList -> l
    java.util.List childModels -> m
    java.lang.String boxName -> n
    float offsetX -> o
    float offsetY -> p
    float offsetZ -> q
    int textureOffsetX -> r
    int textureOffsetY -> s
    boolean compiled -> t
    int displayList -> u
    ModelBase baseModel -> v
net.minecraft.src.TextureOffset -> bcu:
    int textureOffsetX -> a
    int textureOffsetY -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerLoginClient -> bcx:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    Minecraft mc -> b
    GuiScreen previousGuiScreen -> c
    NetworkManager networkManager -> d
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile gameProfile -> e
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerLoginClient$1 -> bcx$1:
    javax.crypto.SecretKey field_147495_a -> a
    NetHandlerLoginClient field_147494_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayClient -> bcy:
    int currentServerMaxPlayers -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    NetworkManager netManager -> c
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile profile -> d
    GuiScreen guiScreenServer -> e
    Minecraft gameController -> f
    WorldClient clientWorldController -> g
    boolean doneLoadingTerrain -> h
    java.util.Map playerInfoMap -> i
    boolean field_147308_k -> j
    java.util.Random avRandomizer -> k
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayClient$1 -> bcy$1:
    java.lang.String field_146300_a -> a
    NetHandlerPlayClient field_146299_f -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayClient$2 -> bcy$2:
    java.lang.String field_178897_a -> a
    NetHandlerPlayClient field_178896_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayClient$3 -> bcy$3:
    java.lang.String field_178900_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_178898_b -> b
    NetHandlerPlayClient field_178899_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1 -> bcy$3$1:
    NetHandlerPlayClient$3 field_175395_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1$1 -> bcy$3$1$1:
    NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1 field_178886_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayClient$4 -> bcy$4:
    int[] field_178885_a -> a
    int[] field_178884_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderClient -> bcz:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    Chunk blankChunk -> b
    LongHashMap chunkMapping -> c
    java.util.List chunkListing -> d
    World worldObj -> e
net.minecraft.src.ServerCommandManager -> bd:
net.minecraft.src.PlayerControllerMP -> bda:
    Minecraft mc -> a
    NetHandlerPlayClient netClientHandler -> b
    BlockPos currentBlock -> c
    ItemStack currentItemHittingBlock -> d
    float curBlockDamageMP -> e
    float stepSoundTickCounter -> f
    int blockHitDelay -> g
    boolean isHittingBlock -> h
    WorldSettings$GameType currentGameType -> i
    int currentPlayerItem -> j
net.minecraft.src.WorldClient -> bdb:
    Minecraft mc -> I
    java.util.Set previousActiveChunkSet -> J
    NetHandlerPlayClient sendQueue -> a
    ChunkProviderClient clientChunkProvider -> b
    java.util.Set entityList -> c
    java.util.Set entitySpawnQueue -> d
net.minecraft.src.WorldClient$1 -> bdb$1:
    WorldClient field_78833_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldClient$2 -> bdb$2:
    WorldClient field_78835_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldClient$3 -> bdb$3:
    WorldClient field_142027_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldClient$4 -> bdb$4:
    WorldClient field_142029_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetworkPlayerInfo -> bdc:
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile gameProfile -> a
    WorldSettings$GameType gameType -> b
    int responseTime -> c
    boolean playerTexturesLoaded -> d
    ResourceLocation locationSkin -> e
    ResourceLocation locationCape -> f
    java.lang.String skinType -> g
    IChatComponent displayName -> h
    int field_178873_i -> i
    int field_178870_j -> j
    long field_178871_k -> k
    long field_178868_l -> l
    long field_178869_m -> m
net.minecraft.src.NetworkPlayerInfo$1 -> bdc$1:
    NetworkPlayerInfo field_177224_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetworkPlayerInfo$2 -> bdc$2:
    int[] field_178875_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ServerAddress -> bdd:
    java.lang.String ipAddress -> a
    int serverPort -> b
net.minecraft.src.ServerData -> bde:
    java.lang.String serverName -> a
    java.lang.String serverIP -> b
    java.lang.String populationInfo -> c
    java.lang.String serverMOTD -> d
    long pingToServer -> e
    int version -> f
    java.lang.String gameVersion -> g
    boolean field_78841_f -> h
    java.lang.String playerList -> i
    ServerData$ServerResourceMode resourceMode -> j
    java.lang.String serverIcon -> k
    boolean lanServer -> l
net.minecraft.src.ServerData$ServerResourceMode -> bde$a:
    ServerData$ServerResourceMode ENABLED -> a
    ServerData$ServerResourceMode DISABLED -> b
    ServerData$ServerResourceMode PROMPT -> c
    IChatComponent motd -> d
    ServerData$ServerResourceMode[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.ServerList -> bdf:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    Minecraft mc -> b
    java.util.List servers -> c
net.minecraft.src.OldServerPinger -> bdg:
    com.google.common.base.Splitter PING_RESPONSE_SPLITTER -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    java.util.List pingDestinations -> c
net.minecraft.src.OldServerPinger$1 -> bdg$1:
    NetworkManager field_147404_b -> a
    ServerData field_147406_a -> b
    OldServerPinger field_147405_c -> c
    boolean field_147403_d -> d
    boolean field_183009_e -> e
    long field_175092_e -> f
net.minecraft.src.OldServerPinger$2 -> bdg$2:
    ServerAddress field_147218_a -> a
    ServerData field_147216_b -> b
    OldServerPinger field_147217_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.OldServerPinger$2$1 -> bdg$2$1:
    OldServerPinger$2 field_147220_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Barrier -> bdj:
net.minecraft.src.Barrier$Factory -> bdj$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityBreakingFX -> bdk:
net.minecraft.src.EntityBreakingFX$Factory -> bdk$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityBreakingFX$SlimeFactory -> bdk$b:
net.minecraft.src.EntityBreakingFX$SnowballFactory -> bdk$c:
net.minecraft.src.EntityBubbleFX -> bdl:
net.minecraft.src.EntityBubbleFX$Factory -> bdl$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityCrit2FX -> bdm:
    float field_174839_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityCrit2FX$MagicFactory -> bdm$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityCrit2FX$Factory -> bdm$b:
net.minecraft.src.EntityDropParticleFX -> bdn:
    Material materialType -> a
    int bobTimer -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityDropParticleFX$LavaFactory -> bdn$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityDropParticleFX$WaterFactory -> bdn$b:
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX -> bdo:
    float field_70565_a -> a
    double coordY -> aA
    double coordZ -> aB
    double coordX -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX$EnchantmentTable -> bdo$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityExplodeFX -> bdp:
net.minecraft.src.EntityExplodeFX$Factory -> bdp$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityFirework -> bdq:
net.minecraft.src.EntityFirework$OverlayFX -> bdq$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityFirework$SparkFX -> bdq$b:
    int baseTextureIndex -> a
    boolean twinkle -> aA
    EffectRenderer field_92047_az -> aB
    float fadeColourRed -> aC
    float fadeColourGreen -> aD
    float fadeColourBlue -> aE
    boolean hasFadeColour -> aF
    boolean trail -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityFirework$StarterFX -> bdq$c:
    boolean twinkle -> a
    EffectRenderer theEffectRenderer -> aA
    NBTTagList fireworkExplosions -> aB
    int fireworkAge -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityFirework$Factory -> bdq$d:
net.minecraft.src.EntityFlameFX -> bdr:
    float flameScale -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityFlameFX$Factory -> bdr$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityFootStepFX -> bds:
    ResourceLocation FOOTPRINT_TEXTURE -> a
    int footstepMaxAge -> aA
    TextureManager currentFootSteps -> aB
    int footstepAge -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityFootStepFX$Factory -> bds$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityHeartFX -> bdt:
    float particleScaleOverTime -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityHeartFX$AngryVillagerFactory -> bdt$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityHeartFX$Factory -> bdt$b:
net.minecraft.src.EntityLargeExplodeFX -> bdu:
    ResourceLocation EXPLOSION_TEXTURE -> a
    int field_70581_a -> aA
    int field_70584_aq -> aB
    TextureManager theRenderEngine -> aC
    float field_70582_as -> aD
    VertexFormat field_181549_az -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityLargeExplodeFX$Factory -> bdu$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityHugeExplodeFX -> bdv:
    int timeSinceStart -> a
    int maximumTime -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityHugeExplodeFX$Factory -> bdv$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityPickupFX -> bdw:
    Entity field_174840_a -> a
    int age -> aA
    int maxAge -> aB
    float field_174841_aA -> aC
    RenderManager field_174842_aB -> aD
    Entity field_174843_ax -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityCritFX -> bdx:
net.minecraft.src.EntityCritFX$Factory -> bdx$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityLavaFX -> bdy:
    float lavaParticleScale -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityLavaFX$Factory -> bdy$a:
net.minecraft.src.MobAppearance -> bdz:
    EntityLivingBase entity -> a
net.minecraft.src.MobAppearance$Factory -> bdz$a:
net.minecraft.src.CommandSetBlock -> be:
net.minecraft.src.EntityNoteFX -> bea:
    float noteParticleScale -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityNoteFX$Factory -> bea$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityFX -> beb:
    float particleRed -> ar
    float particleGreen -> as
    float particleBlue -> at
    float particleAlpha -> au
    TextureAtlasSprite particleIcon -> av
    double interpPosX -> aw
    double interpPosY -> ax
    double interpPosZ -> ay
    int particleTextureIndexX -> b
    int particleTextureIndexY -> c
    float particleTextureJitterX -> d
    float particleTextureJitterY -> e
    int particleAge -> f
    int particleMaxAge -> g
    float particleScale -> h
    float particleGravity -> i
net.minecraft.src.EffectRenderer -> bec:
    World worldObj -> a
    ResourceLocation particleTextures -> b
    java.util.List[][] fxLayers -> c
    java.util.List particleEmitters -> d
    TextureManager renderer -> e
    java.util.Random rand -> f
    java.util.Map particleTypes -> g
net.minecraft.src.EffectRenderer$1 -> bec$1:
    EntityFX field_147214_a -> a
    EffectRenderer field_147213_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.EffectRenderer$2 -> bec$2:
    int field_147898_a -> a
    EffectRenderer field_147897_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.EffectRenderer$3 -> bec$3:
    EntityFX field_147901_a -> a
    EffectRenderer field_147900_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.EffectRenderer$4 -> bec$4:
    int field_147904_a -> a
    EffectRenderer field_147903_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.IParticleFactory -> bed:
net.minecraft.src.EntityCloudFX -> bee:
    float field_70569_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityCloudFX$Factory -> bee$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityPortalFX -> bef:
    float portalParticleScale -> a
    double portalPosY -> aA
    double portalPosZ -> aB
    double portalPosX -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityPortalFX$Factory -> bef$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityReddustFX -> beg:
    float reddustParticleScale -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityReddustFX$Factory -> beg$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySmokeFX -> beh:
    float smokeParticleScale -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntitySmokeFX$1 -> beh$1:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySmokeFX$Factory -> beh$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySnowShovelFX -> bei:
    float snowDigParticleScale -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntitySnowShovelFX$Factory -> bei$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpellParticleFX -> bej:
    java.util.Random RANDOM -> a
    int baseSpellTextureIndex -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpellParticleFX$AmbientMobFactory -> bej$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpellParticleFX$InstantFactory -> bej$b:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpellParticleFX$MobFactory -> bej$c:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpellParticleFX$Factory -> bej$d:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpellParticleFX$WitchFactory -> bej$e:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySplashFX -> bek:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySplashFX$Factory -> bek$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySuspendFX -> bel:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySuspendFX$Factory -> bel$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityAuraFX -> bem:
net.minecraft.src.EntityAuraFX$HappyVillagerFactory -> bem$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityAuraFX$Factory -> bem$b:
net.minecraft.src.EntityBlockDustFX -> ben:
net.minecraft.src.EntityBlockDustFX$Factory -> ben$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityDiggingFX -> beo:
    IBlockState sourceState -> a
    BlockPos sourcePos -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityDiggingFX$Factory -> beo$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityParticleEmitter -> bep:
    Entity attachedEntity -> a
    int lifetime -> aA
    EnumParticleTypes particleTypes -> aB
    int age -> az
net.minecraft.src.EntityFishWakeFX -> beq:
net.minecraft.src.EntityFishWakeFX$Factory -> beq$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityRainFX -> ber:
net.minecraft.src.EntityRainFX$Factory -> ber$a:
net.minecraft.src.AbstractClientPlayer -> bet:
    NetworkPlayerInfo playerInfo -> a
net.minecraft.src.MovementInput -> beu:
    float moveStrafe -> a
    float moveForward -> b
    boolean jump -> c
    boolean sneak -> d
net.minecraft.src.MovementInputFromOptions -> bev:
    GameSettings gameSettings -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityPlayerSP -> bew:
    NetHandlerPlayClient sendQueue -> a
    MovementInput movementInput -> b
    float timeInPortal -> bH
    float prevTimeInPortal -> bI
    StatFileWriter statWriter -> bJ
    double lastReportedPosX -> bK
    double lastReportedPosY -> bL
    double lastReportedPosZ -> bM
    float lastReportedYaw -> bN
    float lastReportedPitch -> bO
    boolean serverSneakState -> bP
    boolean serverSprintState -> bQ
    int positionUpdateTicks -> bR
    boolean hasValidHealth -> bS
    java.lang.String clientBrand -> bT
    int horseJumpPowerCounter -> bU
    float horseJumpPower -> bV
    Minecraft mc -> c
    int sprintToggleTimer -> d
    int sprintingTicksLeft -> e
    float renderArmYaw -> f
    float renderArmPitch -> g
    float prevRenderArmYaw -> h
    float prevRenderArmPitch -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityOtherPlayerMP -> bex:
    boolean isItemInUse -> a
    int otherPlayerMPPosRotationIncrements -> b
    double otherPlayerMPX -> c
    double otherPlayerMPY -> d
    double otherPlayerMPZ -> e
    double otherPlayerMPYaw -> f
    double otherPlayerMPPitch -> g
net.minecraft.src.LocalBlockIntercommunication -> bey:
    java.lang.String guiID -> a
    IChatComponent displayName -> b
net.minecraft.src.ContainerLocalMenu -> bez:
    java.lang.String guiID -> a
    java.util.Map field_174895_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint -> bf:
net.minecraft.src.BossStatus -> bfc:
    float healthScale -> a
    int statusBarTime -> b
    java.lang.String bossName -> c
    boolean hasColorModifier -> d
net.minecraft.src.WorldRenderer -> bfd:
    java.nio.ByteBuffer byteBuffer -> a
    java.nio.IntBuffer rawIntBuffer -> b
    java.nio.ShortBuffer rawShortBuffer -> c
    java.nio.FloatBuffer rawFloatBuffer -> d
    int vertexCount -> e
    VertexFormatElement vertexFormatElement -> f
    int vertexFormatIndex -> g
    boolean noColor -> h
    int drawMode -> i
    double xOffset -> j
    double yOffset -> k
    double zOffset -> l
    VertexFormat vertexFormat -> m
    boolean isDrawing -> n
net.minecraft.src.WorldRenderer$1 -> bfd$1:
    float[] field_181659_a -> a
    WorldRenderer field_181660_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldRenderer$2 -> bfd$2:
    int[] field_181661_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldRenderer$State -> bfd$a:
    WorldRenderer field_179021_a -> a
    int[] stateRawBuffer -> b
    VertexFormat stateVertexFormat -> c
net.minecraft.src.WorldVertexBufferUploader -> bfe:
net.minecraft.src.WorldVertexBufferUploader$1 -> bfe$1:
    int[] field_178958_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RegionRenderCache -> bff:
    IBlockState DEFAULT_STATE -> f
    BlockPos position -> g
    int[] combinedLights -> h
    IBlockState[] blockStates -> i
net.minecraft.src.RegionRenderCacheBuilder -> bfg:
    WorldRenderer[] worldRenderers -> a
net.minecraft.src.ChunkRenderContainer -> bfh:
    java.util.List renderChunks -> a
    boolean initialized -> b
    double viewEntityX -> c
    double viewEntityY -> d
    double viewEntityZ -> e
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityItemStackRenderer -> bfi:
    TileEntityItemStackRenderer instance -> a
    TileEntityChest field_147717_b -> b
    TileEntityChest field_147718_c -> c
    TileEntityEnderChest enderChest -> d
    TileEntityBanner banner -> e
    TileEntitySkull skull -> f
net.minecraft.src.EnumFaceDirection -> bfj:
    EnumFaceDirection DOWN -> a
    EnumFaceDirection UP -> b
    EnumFaceDirection NORTH -> c
    EnumFaceDirection SOUTH -> d
    EnumFaceDirection WEST -> e
    EnumFaceDirection EAST -> f
    EnumFaceDirection[] facings -> g
    EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation[] vertexInfos -> h
    EnumFaceDirection[] $VALUES -> i
net.minecraft.src.EnumFaceDirection$1 -> bfj$1:
net.minecraft.src.EnumFaceDirection$Constants -> bfj$a:
    int SOUTH_INDEX -> a
    int UP_INDEX -> b
    int EAST_INDEX -> c
    int NORTH_INDEX -> d
    int DOWN_INDEX -> e
    int WEST_INDEX -> f
net.minecraft.src.EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation -> bfj$b:
    int xIndex -> a
    int yIndex -> b
    int zIndex -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityRenderer -> bfk:
    float bossColorModifierPrev -> A
    boolean cloudFog -> B
    boolean renderHand -> C
    boolean drawBlockOutline -> D
    long prevFrameTime -> E
    long renderEndNanoTime -> F
    DynamicTexture lightmapTexture -> G
    int[] lightmapColors -> H
    ResourceLocation locationLightMap -> I
    boolean lightmapUpdateNeeded -> J
    float torchFlickerX -> K
    float torchFlickerDX -> L
    int rainSoundCounter -> M
    float[] rainXCoords -> N
    float[] rainYCoords -> O
    java.nio.FloatBuffer fogColorBuffer -> P
    float fogColorRed -> Q
    float fogColorGreen -> R
    float fogColorBlue -> S
    float fogColor2 -> T
    float fogColor1 -> U
    int debugViewDirection -> V
    boolean debugView -> W
    double cameraZoom -> X
    double cameraYaw -> Y
    double cameraPitch -> Z
    boolean anaglyphEnable -> a
    ShaderGroup theShaderGroup -> aa
    ResourceLocation[] shaderResourceLocations -> ab
    int shaderIndex -> ac
    boolean useShader -> ad
    int frameCount -> ae
    int anaglyphField -> b
    ItemRenderer itemRenderer -> c
    int shaderCount -> d
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> e
    ResourceLocation locationRainPng -> f
    ResourceLocation locationSnowPng -> g
    Minecraft mc -> h
    IResourceManager resourceManager -> i
    java.util.Random random -> j
    float farPlaneDistance -> k
    MapItemRenderer theMapItemRenderer -> l
    int rendererUpdateCount -> m
    Entity pointedEntity -> n
    MouseFilter mouseFilterXAxis -> o
    MouseFilter mouseFilterYAxis -> p
    float thirdPersonDistance -> q
    float thirdPersonDistanceTemp -> r
    float smoothCamYaw -> s
    float smoothCamPitch -> t
    float smoothCamFilterX -> u
    float smoothCamFilterY -> v
    float smoothCamPartialTicks -> w
    float fovModifierHand -> x
    float fovModifierHandPrev -> y
    float bossColorModifier -> z
net.minecraft.src.EntityRenderer$1 -> bfk$1:
    EntityRenderer field_90032_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityRenderer$2 -> bfk$2:
    EntityRenderer field_90025_c -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityRenderer$3 -> bfk$3:
    int field_181048_a -> a
    int field_181049_b -> b
    EntityRenderer field_90028_b -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityRenderer$4 -> bfk$4:
    ScaledResolution field_181046_a -> a
    EntityRenderer field_181047_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager -> bfl:
    GlStateManager$AlphaState alphaState -> a
    GlStateManager$BooleanState lightingState -> b
    GlStateManager$BooleanState[] lightState -> c
    GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState colorMaterialState -> d
    GlStateManager$BlendState blendState -> e
    GlStateManager$DepthState depthState -> f
    GlStateManager$FogState fogState -> g
    GlStateManager$CullState cullState -> h
    GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState polygonOffsetState -> i
    GlStateManager$ColorLogicState colorLogicState -> j
    GlStateManager$TexGenState texGenState -> k
    GlStateManager$ClearState clearState -> l
    GlStateManager$StencilState stencilState -> m
    GlStateManager$BooleanState normalizeState -> n
    int activeTextureUnit -> o
    GlStateManager$TextureState[] textureState -> p
    int activeShadeModel -> q
    GlStateManager$BooleanState rescaleNormalState -> r
    GlStateManager$ColorMask colorMaskState -> s
    GlStateManager$Color colorState -> t
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$1 -> bfl$1:
    int[] field_179175_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$AlphaState -> bfl$a:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState alphaTest -> a
    int func -> b
    float ref -> c
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$BlendState -> bfl$b:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState blend -> a
    int srcFactor -> b
    int dstFactor -> c
    int srcFactorAlpha -> d
    int dstFactorAlpha -> e
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$BooleanState -> bfl$c:
    int capability -> a
    boolean currentState -> b
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$ClearState -> bfl$d:
    double depth -> a
    GlStateManager$Color color -> b
    int field_179204_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$Color -> bfl$e:
    float red -> a
    float green -> b
    float blue -> c
    float alpha -> d
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$ColorLogicState -> bfl$f:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState colorLogicOp -> a
    int opcode -> b
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$ColorMask -> bfl$g:
    boolean red -> a
    boolean green -> b
    boolean blue -> c
    boolean alpha -> d
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState -> bfl$h:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState colorMaterial -> a
    int face -> b
    int mode -> c
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$CullState -> bfl$i:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState cullFace -> a
    int mode -> b
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$DepthState -> bfl$j:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState depthTest -> a
    boolean maskEnabled -> b
    int depthFunc -> c
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$FogState -> bfl$k:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState fog -> a
    int mode -> b
    float density -> c
    float start -> d
    float end -> e
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState -> bfl$l:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState polygonOffsetFill -> a
    GlStateManager$BooleanState polygonOffsetLine -> b
    float factor -> c
    float units -> d
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$StencilFunc -> bfl$m:
    int field_179081_a -> a
    int field_179079_b -> b
    int field_179080_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$StencilState -> bfl$n:
    GlStateManager$StencilFunc field_179078_a -> a
    int field_179076_b -> b
    int field_179077_c -> c
    int field_179074_d -> d
    int field_179075_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$TexGen -> bfl$o:
    GlStateManager$TexGen S -> a
    GlStateManager$TexGen T -> b
    GlStateManager$TexGen R -> c
    GlStateManager$TexGen Q -> d
    GlStateManager$TexGen[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$TexGenCoord -> bfl$p:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState textureGen -> a
    int coord -> b
    int param -> c
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$TexGenState -> bfl$q:
    GlStateManager$TexGenCoord s -> a
    GlStateManager$TexGenCoord t -> b
    GlStateManager$TexGenCoord r -> c
    GlStateManager$TexGenCoord q -> d
net.minecraft.src.GlStateManager$TextureState -> bfl$r:
    GlStateManager$BooleanState texture2DState -> a
    int textureName -> b
net.minecraft.src.IImageBuffer -> bfm:
net.minecraft.src.ItemRenderer -> bfn:
    ResourceLocation RES_MAP_BACKGROUND -> a
    ResourceLocation RES_UNDERWATER_OVERLAY -> b
    Minecraft mc -> c
    ItemStack itemToRender -> d
    float equippedProgress -> e
    float prevEquippedProgress -> f
    RenderManager renderManager -> g
    RenderItem itemRenderer -> h
    int equippedItemSlot -> i
net.minecraft.src.ItemRenderer$1 -> bfn$1:
    int[] field_178094_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemModelMesher -> bfo:
    java.util.Map simpleShapes -> a
    java.util.Map simpleShapesCache -> b
    java.util.Map shapers -> c
    ModelManager modelManager -> d
net.minecraft.src.ItemMeshDefinition -> bfp:
net.minecraft.src.RenderGlobal -> bfr:
    Framebuffer entityOutlineFramebuffer -> A
    ShaderGroup entityOutlineShader -> B
    double frustumUpdatePosX -> C
    double frustumUpdatePosY -> D
    double frustumUpdatePosZ -> E
    int frustumUpdatePosChunkX -> F
    int frustumUpdatePosChunkY -> G
    int frustumUpdatePosChunkZ -> H
    double lastViewEntityX -> I
    double lastViewEntityY -> J
    double lastViewEntityZ -> K
    double lastViewEntityPitch -> L
    double lastViewEntityYaw -> M
    ChunkRenderDispatcher renderDispatcher -> N
    ChunkRenderContainer renderContainer -> O
    int renderDistanceChunks -> P
    int renderEntitiesStartupCounter -> Q
    int countEntitiesTotal -> R
    int countEntitiesRendered -> S
    int countEntitiesHidden -> T
    boolean debugFixTerrainFrustum -> U
    ClippingHelper debugFixedClippingHelper -> V
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector4f[] debugTerrainMatrix -> W
    Vector3d debugTerrainFrustumPosition -> X
    boolean vboEnabled -> Y
    double prevRenderSortX -> Z
    IRenderChunkFactory renderChunkFactory -> a
    double prevRenderSortY -> aa
    double prevRenderSortZ -> ab
    boolean displayListEntitiesDirty -> ac
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    ResourceLocation locationMoonPhasesPng -> c
    ResourceLocation locationSunPng -> d
    ResourceLocation locationCloudsPng -> e
    ResourceLocation locationEndSkyPng -> f
    ResourceLocation locationForcefieldPng -> g
    Minecraft mc -> h
    TextureManager renderEngine -> i
    RenderManager renderManager -> j
    WorldClient theWorld -> k
    java.util.Set chunksToUpdate -> l
    java.util.List renderInfos -> m
    java.util.Set setTileEntities -> n
    ViewFrustum viewFrustum -> o
    int starGLCallList -> p
    int glSkyList -> q
    int glSkyList2 -> r
    VertexFormat vertexBufferFormat -> s
    VertexBuffer starVBO -> t
    VertexBuffer skyVBO -> u
    VertexBuffer sky2VBO -> v
    int cloudTickCounter -> w
    java.util.Map damagedBlocks -> x
    java.util.Map mapSoundPositions -> y
    TextureAtlasSprite[] destroyBlockIcons -> z
net.minecraft.src.RenderGlobal$1 -> bfr$1:
    double field_85101_a -> a
    double field_85099_b -> b
    double field_85100_c -> c
    RenderGlobal field_85098_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.RenderGlobal$2 -> bfr$2:
    int[] field_178037_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation -> bfr$a:
    RenderChunk renderChunk -> a
    EnumFacing facing -> b
    java.util.Set setFacing -> c
    int counter -> d
    RenderGlobal field_178033_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.ImageBufferDownload -> bfs:
    int[] imageData -> a
    int imageWidth -> b
    int imageHeight -> c
net.minecraft.src.RenderList -> bft:
net.minecraft.src.Framebuffer -> bfw:
    int framebufferTextureWidth -> a
    int framebufferTextureHeight -> b
    int framebufferWidth -> c
    int framebufferHeight -> d
    boolean useDepth -> e
    int framebufferObject -> f
    int framebufferTexture -> g
    int depthBuffer -> h
    float[] framebufferColor -> i
    int framebufferFilter -> j
net.minecraft.src.Tessellator -> bfx:
    WorldRenderer worldRenderer -> a
    WorldVertexBufferUploader vboUploader -> b
    Tessellator instance -> c
net.minecraft.src.VboRenderList -> bfy:
net.minecraft.src.VertexBufferUploader -> bfz:
    VertexBuffer vertexBuffer -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandSetPlayerTimeout -> bg:
net.minecraft.src.ViewFrustum -> bga:
    RenderGlobal renderGlobal -> a
    World world -> b
    int countChunksY -> c
    int countChunksX -> d
    int countChunksZ -> e
    RenderChunk[] renderChunks -> f
net.minecraft.src.ChestRenderer -> bgb:
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelShapes -> bgc:
    java.util.Map bakedModelStore -> a
    BlockStateMapper blockStateMapper -> b
    ModelManager modelManager -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelShapes$1 -> bgc$1:
    BlockModelShapes field_178143_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelShapes$2 -> bgc$2:
    BlockModelShapes field_178136_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelShapes$3 -> bgc$3:
    BlockModelShapes field_178137_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelShapes$4 -> bgc$4:
    BlockModelShapes field_178134_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelShapes$5 -> bgc$5:
    BlockModelShapes field_178135_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelShapes$6 -> bgc$6:
    BlockModelShapes field_178139_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelShapes$7 -> bgc$7:
    BlockModelShapes field_178138_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelShapes$8 -> bgc$8:
    int[] field_178257_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockRendererDispatcher -> bgd:
    BlockModelShapes blockModelShapes -> a
    GameSettings gameSettings -> b
    BlockModelRenderer blockModelRenderer -> c
    ChestRenderer chestRenderer -> d
    BlockFluidRenderer fluidRenderer -> e
net.minecraft.src.BlockFluidRenderer -> bge:
    TextureAtlasSprite[] atlasSpritesLava -> a
    TextureAtlasSprite[] atlasSpritesWater -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelRenderer -> bgf:
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelRenderer$1 -> bgf$1:
    int[] field_178290_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo -> bgf$a:
    BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo DOWN -> a
    BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo UP -> b
    BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo NORTH -> c
    BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo SOUTH -> d
    BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo WEST -> e
    BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo EAST -> f
    EnumFacing[] field_178276_g -> g
    float field_178288_h -> h
    boolean field_178289_i -> i
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation[] field_178286_j -> j
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation[] field_178287_k -> k
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation[] field_178284_l -> l
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation[] field_178285_m -> m
    BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo[] VALUES -> n
    BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo[] $VALUES -> o
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace -> bgf$b:
    BlockModelRenderer field_178208_a -> a
    float[] vertexColorMultiplier -> b
    int[] vertexBrightness -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations -> bgf$c:
    BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations DOWN -> a
    BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations UP -> b
    BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations NORTH -> c
    BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations SOUTH -> d
    BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations WEST -> e
    BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations EAST -> f
    int field_178191_g -> g
    int field_178200_h -> h
    int field_178201_i -> i
    int field_178198_j -> j
    BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations[] VALUES -> k
    BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations[] $VALUES -> l
net.minecraft.src.BlockModelRenderer$Orientation -> bgf$d:
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation DOWN -> a
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation UP -> b
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation NORTH -> c
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation SOUTH -> d
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation WEST -> e
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation EAST -> f
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation FLIP_DOWN -> g
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation FLIP_UP -> h
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation FLIP_NORTH -> i
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation FLIP_SOUTH -> j
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation FLIP_WEST -> k
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation FLIP_EAST -> l
    int field_178229_m -> m
    BlockModelRenderer$Orientation[] $VALUES -> n
net.minecraft.src.BakedQuad -> bgg:
    int[] vertexData -> a
    int tintIndex -> b
    EnumFacing face -> c
net.minecraft.src.BlockPart -> bgh:
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f positionFrom -> a
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f positionTo -> b
    java.util.Map mapFaces -> c
    BlockPartRotation partRotation -> d
    boolean shade -> e
net.minecraft.src.BlockPart$1 -> bgh$1:
    int[] field_178234_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BlockPart$Deserializer -> bgh$a:
net.minecraft.src.BlockPartFace -> bgi:
    EnumFacing FACING_DEFAULT -> a
    EnumFacing cullFace -> b
    int tintIndex -> c
    java.lang.String texture -> d
    BlockFaceUV blockFaceUV -> e
net.minecraft.src.BlockPartFace$Deserializer -> bgi$a:
net.minecraft.src.BlockPartRotation -> bgj:
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f origin -> a
    EnumFacing$Axis axis -> b
    float angle -> c
    boolean rescale -> d
net.minecraft.src.BlockFaceUV -> bgk:
    float[] uvs -> a
    int rotation -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockFaceUV$Deserializer -> bgk$a:
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlock -> bgl:
    com.google.gson.Gson SERIALIZER -> a
    java.lang.String name -> b
    java.util.Map textures -> c
    ModelBlock parent -> d
    ResourceLocation parentLocation -> e
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> f
    java.util.List elements -> g
    boolean gui3d -> h
    boolean ambientOcclusion -> i
    ItemCameraTransforms cameraTransforms -> j
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlock$1 -> bgl$1:
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlock$Bookkeep -> bgl$a:
    ModelBlock model -> a
    ModelBlock modelExt -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlock$Deserializer -> bgl$b:
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlock$LoopException -> bgl$c:
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlockDefinition -> bgm:
    com.google.gson.Gson GSON -> a
    java.util.Map mapVariants -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer -> bgm$a:
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlockDefinition$MissingVariantException -> bgm$b:
    ModelBlockDefinition field_178438_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlockDefinition$Variant -> bgm$c:
    ResourceLocation modelLocation -> a
    ModelRotation modelRotation -> b
    boolean uvLock -> c
    int weight -> d
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer -> bgm$c$a:
net.minecraft.src.ModelBlockDefinition$Variants -> bgm$d:
    java.lang.String name -> a
    java.util.List listVariants -> b
net.minecraft.src.BreakingFour -> bgn:
    TextureAtlasSprite texture -> d
net.minecraft.src.BreakingFour$1 -> bgn$1:
    int[] field_178419_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.FaceBakery -> bgo:
    float SCALE_ROTATION_22_5 -> a
    float SCALE_ROTATION_GENERAL -> b
net.minecraft.src.FaceBakery$1 -> bgo$1:
    int[] field_178400_a -> a
    int[] field_178399_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ItemModelGenerator -> bgp:
    java.util.List LAYERS -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemModelGenerator$1 -> bgp$1:
    int[] field_178390_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemModelGenerator$Span -> bgp$a:
    ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing spanFacing -> a
    int field_178387_b -> b
    int field_178388_c -> c
    int field_178386_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing -> bgp$b:
    ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing UP -> a
    ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing DOWN -> b
    ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing LEFT -> c
    ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing RIGHT -> d
    EnumFacing facing -> e
    int field_178373_f -> f
    int field_178374_g -> g
    ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.ItemTransformVec3f -> bgq:
    ItemTransformVec3f DEFAULT -> a
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f rotation -> b
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f translation -> c
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f scale -> d
net.minecraft.src.ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer -> bgq$a:
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f ROTATION_DEFAULT -> a
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f TRANSLATION_DEFAULT -> b
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f SCALE_DEFAULT -> c
net.minecraft.src.ItemCameraTransforms -> bgr:
    ItemCameraTransforms DEFAULT -> a
    float field_181690_b -> b
    float field_181691_c -> c
    float field_181692_d -> d
    float field_181693_e -> e
    float field_181694_f -> f
    float field_181695_g -> g
    float field_181696_h -> h
    float field_181697_i -> i
    float field_181698_j -> j
    ItemTransformVec3f thirdPerson -> k
    ItemTransformVec3f firstPerson -> l
    ItemTransformVec3f head -> m
    ItemTransformVec3f gui -> n
    ItemTransformVec3f ground -> o
    ItemTransformVec3f fixed -> p
net.minecraft.src.ItemCameraTransforms$1 -> bgr$1:
    int[] field_181684_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer -> bgr$a:
net.minecraft.src.ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType -> bgr$b:
    ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType NONE -> a
    ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType THIRD_PERSON -> b
    ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType FIRST_PERSON -> c
    ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType HEAD -> d
    ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType GUI -> e
    ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType GROUND -> f
    ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType FIXED -> g
    ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.StateMapperBase -> bgu:
    java.util.Map mapStateModelLocations -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockStateMapper -> bgv:
    java.util.Map blockStateMap -> a
    java.util.Set setBuiltInBlocks -> b
net.minecraft.src.DefaultStateMapper -> bgw:
net.minecraft.src.StateMap -> bgx:
    IProperty name -> a
    java.lang.String suffix -> c
    java.util.List ignored -> d
net.minecraft.src.StateMap$1 -> bgx$1:
net.minecraft.src.StateMap$Builder -> bgx$a:
    IProperty name -> a
    java.lang.String suffix -> b
    java.util.List ignored -> c
net.minecraft.src.IStateMapper -> bgy:
net.minecraft.src.CommandSetSpawnpoint -> bh:
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityBannerRenderer -> bha:
    java.util.Map DESIGNS -> c
    ResourceLocation BANNERTEXTURES -> d
    ModelBanner bannerModel -> e
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityBannerRenderer$1 -> bha$1:
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityBannerRenderer$TimedBannerTexture -> bha$a:
    long systemTime -> a
    ResourceLocation bannerTexture -> b
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityBeaconRenderer -> bhb:
    ResourceLocation beaconBeam -> c
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityRendererDispatcher -> bhc:
    TileEntityRendererDispatcher instance -> a
    double staticPlayerX -> b
    double staticPlayerY -> c
    double staticPlayerZ -> d
    TextureManager renderEngine -> e
    World worldObj -> f
    Entity entity -> g
    float entityYaw -> h
    float entityPitch -> i
    double entityX -> j
    double entityY -> k
    double entityZ -> l
    java.util.Map mapSpecialRenderers -> m
    FontRenderer fontRenderer -> n
net.minecraft.src.TileEntitySpecialRenderer -> bhd:
    ResourceLocation[] DESTROY_STAGES -> a
    TileEntityRendererDispatcher rendererDispatcher -> b
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityChestRenderer -> bhe:
    ResourceLocation textureTrappedDouble -> c
    ResourceLocation textureChristmasDouble -> d
    ResourceLocation textureNormalDouble -> e
    ResourceLocation textureTrapped -> f
    ResourceLocation textureChristmas -> g
    ResourceLocation textureNormal -> h
    ModelChest simpleChest -> i
    ModelChest largeChest -> j
    boolean isChristmas -> k
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer -> bhf:
    ResourceLocation TEXTURE_BOOK -> c
    ModelBook field_147541_c -> d
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityEnderChestRenderer -> bhg:
    ResourceLocation ENDER_CHEST_TEXTURE -> c
    ModelChest field_147521_c -> d
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer -> bhh:
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityPistonRenderer -> bhi:
    BlockRendererDispatcher blockRenderer -> c
net.minecraft.src.TileEntitySignRenderer -> bhj:
    ResourceLocation SIGN_TEXTURE -> c
    ModelSign model -> d
net.minecraft.src.TileEntitySkullRenderer -> bhk:
    TileEntitySkullRenderer instance -> c
    ResourceLocation SKELETON_TEXTURES -> d
    ResourceLocation WITHER_SKELETON_TEXTURES -> e
    ResourceLocation ZOMBIE_TEXTURES -> f
    ResourceLocation CREEPER_TEXTURES -> g
    ModelSkeletonHead skeletonHead -> h
    ModelSkeletonHead humanoidHead -> i
net.minecraft.src.TileEntitySkullRenderer$1 -> bhk$1:
    int[] field_178458_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.TileEntityEndPortalRenderer -> bhl:
    java.nio.FloatBuffer field_147528_b -> c
    ResourceLocation END_SKY_TEXTURE -> d
    ResourceLocation END_PORTAL_TEXTURE -> e
    java.util.Random field_147527_e -> f
net.minecraft.src.ChunkCompileTaskGenerator -> bhn:
    RenderChunk renderChunk -> a
    java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock lock -> b
    java.util.List listFinishRunnables -> c
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type type -> d
    RegionRenderCacheBuilder regionRenderCacheBuilder -> e
    CompiledChunk compiledChunk -> f
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status status -> g
    boolean finished -> h
net.minecraft.src.ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status -> bhn$a:
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status PENDING -> a
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status COMPILING -> b
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status UPLOADING -> c
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status DONE -> d
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type -> bhn$b:
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type REBUILD_CHUNK -> a
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type RESORT_TRANSPARENCY -> b
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.ChunkRenderDispatcher -> bho:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.concurrent.ThreadFactory threadFactory -> b
    java.util.List listThreadedWorkers -> c
    java.util.concurrent.BlockingQueue queueChunkUpdates -> d
    java.util.concurrent.BlockingQueue queueFreeRenderBuilders -> e
    WorldVertexBufferUploader worldVertexUploader -> f
    VertexBufferUploader vertexUploader -> g
    java.util.Queue queueChunkUploads -> h
    ChunkRenderWorker renderWorker -> i
net.minecraft.src.ChunkRenderDispatcher$1 -> bho$1:
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator field_178527_a -> a
    ChunkRenderDispatcher field_178526_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ChunkRenderDispatcher$2 -> bho$2:
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator field_178529_a -> a
    ChunkRenderDispatcher field_178528_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ChunkRenderDispatcher$3 -> bho$3:
    EnumWorldBlockLayer field_178534_a -> a
    WorldRenderer field_178532_b -> b
    RenderChunk field_178533_c -> c
    CompiledChunk field_178530_d -> d
    ChunkRenderDispatcher field_178531_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.ChunkRenderWorker -> bhp:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
    ChunkRenderDispatcher chunkRenderDispatcher -> b
    RegionRenderCacheBuilder regionRenderCacheBuilder -> c
net.minecraft.src.ChunkRenderWorker$1 -> bhp$1:
    com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture field_178480_a -> a
    ChunkRenderWorker field_178479_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ChunkRenderWorker$2 -> bhp$2:
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator field_178484_a -> a
    CompiledChunk field_178482_b -> b
    ChunkRenderWorker field_178483_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.CompiledChunk -> bhq:
    CompiledChunk DUMMY -> a
    boolean[] layersUsed -> b
    boolean[] layersStarted -> c
    boolean empty -> d
    java.util.List tileEntities -> e
    SetVisibility setVisibility -> f
    WorldRenderer$State state -> g
net.minecraft.src.CompiledChunk$1 -> bhq$1:
net.minecraft.src.ListChunkFactory -> bhr:
net.minecraft.src.ListedRenderChunk -> bhs:
    int baseDisplayList -> d
net.minecraft.src.RenderChunk -> bht:
    int renderChunksUpdated -> a
    CompiledChunk compiledChunk -> b
    AxisAlignedBB boundingBox -> c
    World world -> d
    RenderGlobal renderGlobal -> e
    BlockPos position -> f
    java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock lockCompileTask -> g
    java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock lockCompiledChunk -> h
    ChunkCompileTaskGenerator compileTask -> i
    java.util.Set setTileEntities -> j
    int index -> k
    java.nio.FloatBuffer modelviewMatrix -> l
    VertexBuffer[] vertexBuffers -> m
    int frameIndex -> n
    boolean needsUpdate -> o
    java.util.EnumMap mapEnumFacing -> p
net.minecraft.src.IRenderChunkFactory -> bhu:
net.minecraft.src.VboChunkFactory -> bhv:
net.minecraft.src.VisGraph -> bhw:
    int field_178616_a -> a
    int field_178614_b -> b
    int field_178615_c -> c
    java.util.BitSet field_178612_d -> d
    int[] field_178613_e -> e
    int field_178611_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.VisGraph$1 -> bhw$1:
    int[] field_178617_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SetVisibility -> bhx:
    int COUNT_FACES -> a
    java.util.BitSet bitSet -> b
net.minecraft.src.CommandShowSeed -> bi:
net.minecraft.src.ICamera -> bia:
net.minecraft.src.ClippingHelperImpl -> bib:
    ClippingHelperImpl instance -> e
    java.nio.FloatBuffer projectionMatrixBuffer -> f
    java.nio.FloatBuffer modelviewMatrixBuffer -> g
    java.nio.FloatBuffer field_78564_h -> h
net.minecraft.src.Frustum -> bic:
    ClippingHelper clippingHelper -> a
    double xPosition -> b
    double yPosition -> c
    double zPosition -> d
net.minecraft.src.ClippingHelper -> bid:
    float[][] frustum -> a
    float[] projectionMatrix -> b
    float[] modelviewMatrix -> c
    float[] clippingMatrix -> d
net.minecraft.src.ArmorStandRenderer -> big:
    ResourceLocation TEXTURE_ARMOR_STAND -> a
net.minecraft.src.ArmorStandRenderer$1 -> big$1:
    ArmorStandRenderer field_177196_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderArrow -> bih:
    ResourceLocation arrowTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderBat -> bii:
    ResourceLocation batTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderBlaze -> bij:
    ResourceLocation blazeTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderBoat -> bik:
    ModelBase modelBoat -> a
    ResourceLocation boatTextures -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderCaveSpider -> bil:
    ResourceLocation caveSpiderTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderChicken -> bim:
    ResourceLocation chickenTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderCow -> bin:
    ResourceLocation cowTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderCreeper -> bio:
    ResourceLocation creeperTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderEntity -> bip:
net.minecraft.src.RenderEnderCrystal -> biq:
    ResourceLocation enderCrystalTextures -> a
    ModelBase modelEnderCrystal -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderDragon -> bir:
    ModelDragon modelDragon -> a
    ResourceLocation enderDragonCrystalBeamTextures -> e
    ResourceLocation enderDragonExplodingTextures -> j
    ResourceLocation enderDragonTextures -> k
net.minecraft.src.RenderEnderman -> bis:
    ResourceLocation endermanTextures -> a
    ModelEnderman endermanModel -> e
    java.util.Random rnd -> j
net.minecraft.src.RenderEndermite -> bit:
    ResourceLocation ENDERMITE_TEXTURES -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderManager -> biu:
    TextureManager renderEngine -> a
    World worldObj -> b
    Entity livingPlayer -> c
    Entity pointedEntity -> d
    float playerViewY -> e
    float playerViewX -> f
    GameSettings options -> g
    double viewerPosX -> h
    double viewerPosY -> i
    double viewerPosZ -> j
    java.util.Map entityRenderMap -> k
    java.util.Map skinMap -> l
    RenderPlayer playerRenderer -> m
    FontRenderer textRenderer -> n
    double renderPosX -> o
    double renderPosY -> p
    double renderPosZ -> q
    boolean renderOutlines -> r
    boolean renderShadow -> s
    boolean debugBoundingBox -> t
net.minecraft.src.Render -> biv:
    ResourceLocation shadowTextures -> a
    RenderManager renderManager -> b
    float shadowSize -> c
    float shadowOpaque -> d
net.minecraft.src.RenderXPOrb -> biw:
    ResourceLocation experienceOrbTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderFallingBlock -> bix:
net.minecraft.src.RenderFireball -> biy:
    float scale -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderFish -> biz:
    ResourceLocation FISH_PARTICLES -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandSpreadPlayers -> bj:
net.minecraft.src.CommandSpreadPlayers$Position -> bj$a:
    double field_111101_a -> a
    double field_111100_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.RenderGhast -> bja:
    ResourceLocation ghastTextures -> a
    ResourceLocation ghastShootingTextures -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderGiantZombie -> bjb:
    ResourceLocation zombieTextures -> a
    float scale -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderGiantZombie$1 -> bjb$1:
    RenderGiantZombie field_177197_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderGuardian -> bjc:
    int field_177115_a -> a
    ResourceLocation GUARDIAN_TEXTURE -> e
    ResourceLocation GUARDIAN_ELDER_TEXTURE -> j
    ResourceLocation GUARDIAN_BEAM_TEXTURE -> k
net.minecraft.src.RenderHorse -> bjd:
    java.util.Map field_110852_a -> a
    ResourceLocation whiteHorseTextures -> e
    ResourceLocation muleTextures -> j
    ResourceLocation donkeyTextures -> k
    ResourceLocation zombieHorseTextures -> l
    ResourceLocation skeletonHorseTextures -> m
net.minecraft.src.RenderBiped -> bje:
    ModelBiped modelBipedMain -> a
    float field_77070_b -> e
    ResourceLocation DEFAULT_RES_LOC -> j
net.minecraft.src.RenderEntityItem -> bjf:
    RenderItem itemRenderer -> a
    java.util.Random field_177079_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderItemFrame -> bjg:
    ResourceLocation mapBackgroundTextures -> a
    Minecraft mc -> e
    ModelResourceLocation itemFrameModel -> f
    ModelResourceLocation mapModel -> g
    RenderItem itemRenderer -> h
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem -> bjh:
    float zLevel -> a
    ResourceLocation RES_ITEM_GLINT -> b
    boolean notRenderingEffectsInGUI -> c
    ItemModelMesher itemModelMesher -> d
    TextureManager textureManager -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem$1 -> bjh$1:
    ItemStack field_147929_a -> a
    RenderItem field_147928_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem$2 -> bjh$2:
    ItemStack field_147926_a -> a
    RenderItem field_147925_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem$3 -> bjh$3:
    ItemStack field_147935_a -> a
    RenderItem field_147934_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem$4 -> bjh$4:
    ItemStack field_147932_a -> a
    RenderItem field_147931_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem$5 -> bjh$5:
    RenderItem field_178117_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem$6 -> bjh$6:
    RenderItem field_178118_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem$7 -> bjh$7:
    RenderItem field_178115_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem$8 -> bjh$8:
    RenderItem field_178116_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderItem$9 -> bjh$9:
    RenderItem field_178114_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderMagmaCube -> bji:
    ResourceLocation magmaCubeTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderLeashKnot -> bjj:
    ResourceLocation leashKnotTextures -> a
    ModelLeashKnot leashKnotModel -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderLightningBolt -> bjk:
net.minecraft.src.RendererLivingEntity -> bjl:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    DynamicTexture textureBrightness -> e
    ModelBase mainModel -> f
    java.nio.FloatBuffer brightnessBuffer -> g
    java.util.List layerRenderers -> h
    boolean renderOutlines -> i
net.minecraft.src.RendererLivingEntity$1 -> bjl$1:
    int[] field_178679_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderMinecart -> bjm:
    ModelBase modelMinecart -> a
    ResourceLocation minecartTextures -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderMinecartMobSpawner -> bjn:
net.minecraft.src.RenderLiving -> bjo:
net.minecraft.src.RenderMooshroom -> bjp:
    ResourceLocation mooshroomTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderOcelot -> bjq:
    ResourceLocation blackOcelotTextures -> a
    ResourceLocation ocelotTextures -> e
    ResourceLocation redOcelotTextures -> j
    ResourceLocation siameseOcelotTextures -> k
net.minecraft.src.RenderPainting -> bjr:
    ResourceLocation KRISTOFFER_PAINTING_TEXTURE -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderPig -> bjs:
    ResourceLocation pigTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderPigZombie -> bjt:
    ResourceLocation ZOMBIE_PIGMAN_TEXTURE -> j
net.minecraft.src.RenderPigZombie$1 -> bjt$1:
    RenderPigZombie field_177198_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderRabbit -> bju:
    ResourceLocation BROWN -> a
    ResourceLocation WHITE -> e
    ResourceLocation BLACK -> j
    ResourceLocation GOLD -> k
    ResourceLocation SALT -> l
    ResourceLocation WHITE_SPLOTCHED -> m
    ResourceLocation TOAST -> n
    ResourceLocation CAERBANNOG -> o
net.minecraft.src.RenderSheep -> bjv:
    ResourceLocation shearedSheepTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderSilverfish -> bjw:
    ResourceLocation silverfishTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderSkeleton -> bjx:
    ResourceLocation skeletonTextures -> j
    ResourceLocation witherSkeletonTextures -> k
net.minecraft.src.RenderSkeleton$1 -> bjx$1:
    RenderSkeleton field_177199_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderSlime -> bjy:
    ResourceLocation slimeTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderSnowMan -> bjz:
    ResourceLocation snowManTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandStats -> bk:
net.minecraft.src.RenderSpider -> bka:
    ResourceLocation spiderTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderSquid -> bkb:
    ResourceLocation squidTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderSnowball -> bkc:
    Item field_177084_a -> a
    RenderItem field_177083_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderPotion -> bkd:
net.minecraft.src.RenderTntMinecart -> bke:
net.minecraft.src.RenderTNTPrimed -> bkf:
net.minecraft.src.RenderIronGolem -> bkg:
    ResourceLocation ironGolemTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderVillager -> bkh:
    ResourceLocation villagerTextures -> a
    ResourceLocation farmerVillagerTextures -> e
    ResourceLocation librarianVillagerTextures -> j
    ResourceLocation priestVillagerTextures -> k
    ResourceLocation smithVillagerTextures -> l
    ResourceLocation butcherVillagerTextures -> m
net.minecraft.src.RenderWitch -> bki:
    ResourceLocation witchTextures -> a
net.minecraft.src.RenderWither -> bkj:
    ResourceLocation invulnerableWitherTextures -> a
    ResourceLocation witherTextures -> e
net.minecraft.src.RenderWitherSkull -> bkk:
    ResourceLocation invulnerableWitherTextures -> a
    ResourceLocation witherTextures -> e
    ModelSkeletonHead skeletonHeadModel -> f
net.minecraft.src.RenderWolf -> bkl:
    ResourceLocation wolfTextures -> a
    ResourceLocation tamedWolfTextures -> e
    ResourceLocation anrgyWolfTextures -> j
net.minecraft.src.RenderZombie -> bkm:
    ResourceLocation zombieTextures -> j
    ResourceLocation zombieVillagerTextures -> k
    ModelBiped field_82434_o -> l
    ModelZombieVillager zombieVillagerModel -> m
    java.util.List field_177121_n -> n
    java.util.List field_177122_o -> o
net.minecraft.src.RenderZombie$1 -> bkm$1:
    RenderZombie field_177200_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerArmorBase -> bkn:
    RendererLivingEntity renderer -> a
    ResourceLocation ENCHANTED_ITEM_GLINT_RES -> b
    ModelBase modelLeggings -> c
    ModelBase modelArmor -> d
    float alpha -> e
    float colorR -> f
    float colorG -> g
    float colorB -> h
    boolean skipRenderGlint -> i
    java.util.Map ARMOR_TEXTURE_RES_MAP -> j
net.minecraft.src.LayerArmorBase$1 -> bkn$1:
    int[] field_178747_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerArrow -> bko:
    RendererLivingEntity field_177168_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerCape -> bkp:
    RenderPlayer playerRenderer -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerHeldBlock -> bkq:
    RenderEnderman endermanRenderer -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerCreeperCharge -> bkr:
    ResourceLocation LIGHTNING_TEXTURE -> a
    RenderCreeper creeperRenderer -> b
    ModelCreeper creeperModel -> c
net.minecraft.src.LayerCustomHead -> bks:
    ModelRenderer field_177209_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerDeadmau5Head -> bkt:
    RenderPlayer playerRenderer -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerEnderDragonDeath -> bku:
net.minecraft.src.LayerEnderDragonEyes -> bkv:
    ResourceLocation TEXTURE -> a
    RenderDragon dragonRenderer -> b
net.minecraft.src.LayerEndermanEyes -> bkw:
    ResourceLocation RES_ENDERMAN_EYES -> a
    RenderEnderman endermanRenderer -> b
net.minecraft.src.LayerBipedArmor -> bkx:
net.minecraft.src.LayerHeldItem -> bky:
    RendererLivingEntity livingEntityRenderer -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerMooshroomMushroom -> bkz:
    RenderMooshroom mooshroomRenderer -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandStop -> bl:
net.minecraft.src.LayerSaddle -> bla:
    ResourceLocation TEXTURE -> a
    RenderPig pigRenderer -> b
    ModelPig pigModel -> c
net.minecraft.src.LayerRenderer -> blb:
net.minecraft.src.LayerSheepWool -> blc:
    ResourceLocation TEXTURE -> a
    RenderSheep sheepRenderer -> b
    ModelSheep1 sheepModel -> c
net.minecraft.src.LayerSlimeGel -> bld:
    RenderSlime slimeRenderer -> a
    ModelBase slimeModel -> b
net.minecraft.src.LayerSnowmanHead -> ble:
    RenderSnowMan snowManRenderer -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerSpiderEyes -> blf:
    ResourceLocation SPIDER_EYES -> a
    RenderSpider spiderRenderer -> b
net.minecraft.src.LayerVillagerArmor -> blg:
net.minecraft.src.LayerIronGolemFlower -> blh:
    RenderIronGolem ironGolemRenderer -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerHeldItemWitch -> bli:
    RenderWitch witchRenderer -> a
net.minecraft.src.LayerWitherAura -> blj:
    ResourceLocation WITHER_ARMOR -> a
    RenderWither witherRenderer -> b
    ModelWither witherModel -> c
net.minecraft.src.LayerWolfCollar -> blk:
    ResourceLocation WOLF_COLLAR -> a
    RenderWolf wolfRenderer -> b
net.minecraft.src.RenderPlayer -> bln:
    boolean smallArms -> a
net.minecraft.src.JsonBlendingMode -> blo:
    JsonBlendingMode field_148118_a -> a
    int field_148116_b -> b
    int field_148117_c -> c
    int field_148114_d -> d
    int field_148115_e -> e
    int field_148112_f -> f
    boolean field_148113_g -> g
    boolean field_148119_h -> h
net.minecraft.src.ShaderDefault -> blp:
net.minecraft.src.ShaderManager -> blq:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    ShaderDefault defaultShaderUniform -> b
    ShaderManager staticShaderManager -> c
    int currentProgram -> d
    boolean field_148000_e -> e
    java.util.Map shaderSamplers -> f
    java.util.List samplerNames -> g
    java.util.List shaderSamplerLocations -> h
    java.util.List shaderUniforms -> i
    java.util.List shaderUniformLocations -> j
    java.util.Map mappedShaderUniforms -> k
    int program -> l
    java.lang.String programFilename -> m
    boolean useFaceCulling -> n
    boolean isDirty -> o
    JsonBlendingMode field_148016_p -> p
    java.util.List attribLocations -> q
    java.util.List attributes -> r
    ShaderLoader vertexShaderLoader -> s
    ShaderLoader fragmentShaderLoader -> t
net.minecraft.src.ShaderGroup -> blr:
    Framebuffer mainFramebuffer -> a
    IResourceManager resourceManager -> b
    java.lang.String shaderGroupName -> c
    java.util.List listShaders -> d
    java.util.Map mapFramebuffers -> e
    java.util.List listFramebuffers -> f
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Matrix4f projectionMatrix -> g
    int mainFramebufferWidth -> h
    int mainFramebufferHeight -> i
    float field_148036_j -> j
    float field_148037_k -> k
net.minecraft.src.Shader -> bls:
    Framebuffer framebufferIn -> a
    Framebuffer framebufferOut -> b
    ShaderManager manager -> c
    java.util.List listAuxFramebuffers -> d
    java.util.List listAuxNames -> e
    java.util.List listAuxWidths -> f
    java.util.List listAuxHeights -> g
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Matrix4f projectionMatrix -> h
net.minecraft.src.ShaderLoader -> blt:
    ShaderLoader$ShaderType shaderType -> a
    java.lang.String shaderFilename -> b
    int shader -> c
    int shaderAttachCount -> d
net.minecraft.src.ShaderLoader$ShaderType -> blt$a:
    ShaderLoader$ShaderType VERTEX -> a
    ShaderLoader$ShaderType FRAGMENT -> b
    java.lang.String shaderName -> c
    java.lang.String shaderExtension -> d
    int shaderMode -> e
    java.util.Map loadedShaders -> f
    ShaderLoader$ShaderType[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.ShaderLinkHelper -> blu:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    ShaderLinkHelper staticShaderLinkHelper -> b
net.minecraft.src.ShaderUniform -> blv:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    int uniformLocation -> b
    int uniformCount -> c
    int uniformType -> d
    java.nio.IntBuffer uniformIntBuffer -> e
    java.nio.FloatBuffer uniformFloatBuffer -> f
    java.lang.String shaderName -> g
    boolean dirty -> h
    ShaderManager shaderManager -> i
net.minecraft.src.AbstractTexture -> bly:
    int glTextureId -> a
    boolean blur -> b
    boolean mipmap -> c
    boolean blurLast -> d
    boolean mipmapLast -> e
net.minecraft.src.DynamicTexture -> blz:
    int[] dynamicTextureData -> f
    int width -> g
    int height -> h
net.minecraft.src.CommandSummon -> bm:
net.minecraft.src.ThreadDownloadImageData -> bma:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> g
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger threadDownloadCounter -> h
    java.io.File cacheFile -> i
    java.lang.String imageUrl -> j
    IImageBuffer imageBuffer -> k
    java.awt.image.BufferedImage bufferedImage -> l
    java.lang.Thread imageThread -> m
    boolean textureUploaded -> n
net.minecraft.src.ThreadDownloadImageData$1 -> bma$1:
    ThreadDownloadImageData field_110932_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.IIconCreator -> bmb:
net.minecraft.src.LayeredColorMaskTexture -> bmc:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOG -> f
    ResourceLocation textureLocation -> g
    java.util.List field_174949_h -> h
    java.util.List field_174950_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.LayeredTexture -> bmd:
    java.util.List layeredTextureNames -> f
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> g
net.minecraft.src.SimpleTexture -> bme:
    ResourceLocation textureLocation -> f
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> g
net.minecraft.src.Stitcher -> bmf:
    int mipmapLevelStitcher -> a
    java.util.Set setStitchHolders -> b
    java.util.List stitchSlots -> c
    int currentWidth -> d
    int currentHeight -> e
    int maxWidth -> f
    int maxHeight -> g
    boolean forcePowerOf2 -> h
    int maxTileDimension -> i
net.minecraft.src.Stitcher$Holder -> bmf$a:
    TextureAtlasSprite theTexture -> a
    int width -> b
    int height -> c
    int mipmapLevelHolder -> d
    boolean rotated -> e
    float scaleFactor -> f
net.minecraft.src.Stitcher$Slot -> bmf$b:
    int originX -> a
    int originY -> b
    int width -> c
    int height -> d
    java.util.List subSlots -> e
    Stitcher$Holder holder -> f
net.minecraft.src.StitcherException -> bmg:
    Stitcher$Holder holder -> a
net.minecraft.src.TextureMap -> bmh:
    ResourceLocation LOCATION_MISSING_TEXTURE -> f
    ResourceLocation locationBlocksTexture -> g
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> h
    java.util.List listAnimatedSprites -> i
    java.util.Map mapRegisteredSprites -> j
    java.util.Map mapUploadedSprites -> k
    java.lang.String basePath -> l
    IIconCreator iconCreator -> m
    int mipmapLevels -> n
    TextureAtlasSprite missingImage -> o
net.minecraft.src.TextureMap$1 -> bmh$1:
    TextureAtlasSprite field_147980_a -> a
    TextureMap field_147979_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.TextureMap$2 -> bmh$2:
    TextureAtlasSprite field_147977_a -> a
    TextureMap field_147976_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.TextureMap$3 -> bmh$3:
    TextureAtlasSprite field_147974_a -> a
    TextureMap field_147973_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.TextureAtlasSprite -> bmi:
    java.util.List framesTextureData -> a
    int[][] interpolatedFrameData -> b
    boolean rotated -> c
    int originX -> d
    int originY -> e
    int width -> f
    int height -> g
    int frameCounter -> h
    int tickCounter -> i
    java.lang.String iconName -> j
    AnimationMetadataSection animationMetadata -> k
    float minU -> l
    float maxU -> m
    float minV -> n
    float maxV -> o
    java.lang.String locationNameClock -> p
    java.lang.String locationNameCompass -> q
net.minecraft.src.TextureAtlasSprite$1 -> bmi$1:
    int[][] field_147983_a -> a
    TextureAtlasSprite field_147982_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.TextureManager -> bmj:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.Map mapTextureObjects -> b
    java.util.List listTickables -> c
    java.util.Map mapTextureCounters -> d
    IResourceManager theResourceManager -> e
net.minecraft.src.TextureManager$1 -> bmj$1:
    ITextureObject field_135062_a -> a
    TextureManager field_135061_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ITextureObject -> bmk:
net.minecraft.src.TextureUtil -> bml:
    DynamicTexture missingTexture -> a
    int[] missingTextureData -> b
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> c
    java.nio.IntBuffer dataBuffer -> d
    int[] mipmapBuffer -> e
net.minecraft.src.ITickable -> bmm:
net.minecraft.src.ITickableTextureObject -> bmn:
net.minecraft.src.TextureClock -> bmo:
    double currentAngle -> j
    double angleDelta -> k
net.minecraft.src.TextureCompass -> bmp:
    double currentAngle -> j
    double angleDelta -> k
    java.lang.String locationSprite -> l
net.minecraft.src.DefaultVertexFormats -> bms:
    VertexFormat BLOCK -> a
    VertexFormat ITEM -> b
    VertexFormat OLDMODEL_POSITION_TEX_NORMAL -> c
    VertexFormat PARTICLE_POSITION_TEX_COLOR_LMAP -> d
    VertexFormat POSITION -> e
    VertexFormat POSITION_COLOR -> f
    VertexFormat POSITION_TEX -> g
    VertexFormat POSITION_NORMAL -> h
    VertexFormat POSITION_TEX_COLOR -> i
    VertexFormat POSITION_TEX_NORMAL -> j
    VertexFormat POSITION_TEX_LMAP_COLOR -> k
    VertexFormat POSITION_TEX_COLOR_NORMAL -> l
    VertexFormatElement POSITION_3F -> m
    VertexFormatElement COLOR_4UB -> n
    VertexFormatElement TEX_2F -> o
    VertexFormatElement TEX_2S -> p
    VertexFormatElement NORMAL_3B -> q
    VertexFormatElement PADDING_1B -> r
net.minecraft.src.VertexBuffer -> bmt:
    int glBufferId -> a
    VertexFormat vertexFormat -> b
    int count -> c
net.minecraft.src.VertexFormat -> bmu:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
    java.util.List elements -> b
    java.util.List offsets -> c
    int nextOffset -> d
    int colorElementOffset -> e
    java.util.List uvOffsetsById -> f
    int normalElementOffset -> g
net.minecraft.src.VertexFormat$1 -> bmu$1:
    int[] field_177382_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.VertexFormatElement -> bmv:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
    VertexFormatElement$EnumType type -> b
    VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage usage -> c
    int index -> d
    int elementCount -> e
net.minecraft.src.VertexFormatElement$EnumType -> bmv$a:
    VertexFormatElement$EnumType FLOAT -> a
    VertexFormatElement$EnumType UBYTE -> b
    VertexFormatElement$EnumType BYTE -> c
    VertexFormatElement$EnumType USHORT -> d
    VertexFormatElement$EnumType SHORT -> e
    VertexFormatElement$EnumType UINT -> f
    VertexFormatElement$EnumType INT -> g
    int size -> h
    java.lang.String displayName -> i
    int glConstant -> j
    VertexFormatElement$EnumType[] $VALUES -> k
net.minecraft.src.VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage -> bmv$b:
    VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage POSITION -> a
    VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage NORMAL -> b
    VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage COLOR -> c
    VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage UV -> d
    VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage MATRIX -> e
    VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage BLEND_WEIGHT -> f
    VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage PADDING -> g
    java.lang.String displayName -> h
    VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage[] $VALUES -> i
net.minecraft.src.AbstractResourcePack -> bmx:
    java.io.File resourcePackFile -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger resourceLog -> b
net.minecraft.src.ResourceIndex -> bmy:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.Map resourceMap -> b
net.minecraft.src.DefaultPlayerSkin -> bmz:
    ResourceLocation TEXTURE_STEVE -> a
    ResourceLocation TEXTURE_ALEX -> b
net.minecraft.src.CommandTeleport -> bn:
net.minecraft.src.DefaultResourcePack -> bna:
    java.util.Set defaultResourceDomains -> a
    java.util.Map mapAssets -> b
net.minecraft.src.FallbackResourceManager -> bnb:
    java.util.List resourcePacks -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    IMetadataSerializer frmMetadataSerializer -> c
net.minecraft.src.FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger -> bnb$a:
    java.io.InputStream inputStream -> a
    java.lang.String message -> b
    boolean isClosed -> c
net.minecraft.src.FileResourcePack -> bnc:
    com.google.common.base.Splitter entryNameSplitter -> b
    java.util.zip.ZipFile resourcePackZipFile -> c
net.minecraft.src.FolderResourcePack -> bnd:
net.minecraft.src.FoliageColorReloadListener -> bne:
    ResourceLocation LOC_FOLIAGE_PNG -> a
net.minecraft.src.GrassColorReloadListener -> bnf:
    ResourceLocation LOC_GRASS_PNG -> a
net.minecraft.src.IReloadableResourceManager -> bng:
net.minecraft.src.IResource -> bnh:
net.minecraft.src.IResourceManager -> bni:
net.minecraft.src.IResourceManagerReloadListener -> bnj:
net.minecraft.src.IResourcePack -> bnk:
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackFileNotFoundException -> bnl:
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackRepository -> bnm:
    IResourcePack rprDefaultResourcePack -> a
    IMetadataSerializer rprMetadataSerializer -> b
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> c
    java.io.FileFilter resourcePackFilter -> d
    java.io.File dirResourcepacks -> e
    java.io.File dirServerResourcepacks -> f
    IResourcePack resourcePackInstance -> g
    java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock lock -> h
    com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture downloadingPacks -> i
    java.util.List repositoryEntriesAll -> j
    java.util.List repositoryEntries -> k
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackRepository$1 -> bnm$1:
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackRepository$2 -> bnm$2:
    Minecraft field_177324_a -> a
    GuiScreenWorking field_177323_b -> b
    ResourcePackRepository field_148523_a -> c
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackRepository$3 -> bnm$3:
    java.io.File field_177327_a -> a
    com.google.common.util.concurrent.SettableFuture field_177325_b -> b
    ResourcePackRepository field_177326_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.ResourcePackRepository$Entry -> bnm$a:
    ResourcePackRepository field_110525_a -> a
    java.io.File resourcePackFile -> b
    IResourcePack reResourcePack -> c
    PackMetadataSection rePackMetadataSection -> d
    java.awt.image.BufferedImage texturePackIcon -> e
    ResourceLocation locationTexturePackIcon -> f
net.minecraft.src.SimpleReloadableResourceManager -> bnn:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    com.google.common.base.Joiner joinerResourcePacks -> b
    java.util.Map domainResourceManagers -> c
    java.util.List reloadListeners -> d
    java.util.Set setResourceDomains -> e
    IMetadataSerializer rmMetadataSerializer -> f
net.minecraft.src.SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1 -> bnn$1:
    SimpleReloadableResourceManager field_130076_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SimpleResource -> bno:
    java.util.Map mapMetadataSections -> a
    java.lang.String resourcePackName -> b
    ResourceLocation srResourceLocation -> c
    java.io.InputStream resourceInputStream -> d
    java.io.InputStream mcmetaInputStream -> e
    IMetadataSerializer srMetadataSerializer -> f
    boolean mcmetaJsonChecked -> g
    com.google.gson.JsonObject mcmetaJson -> h
net.minecraft.src.SkinManager -> bnp:
    java.util.concurrent.ExecutorService THREAD_POOL -> a
    TextureManager textureManager -> b
    java.io.File skinCacheDir -> c
    com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.MinecraftSessionService sessionService -> d
    com.google.common.cache.LoadingCache skinCacheLoader -> e
net.minecraft.src.SkinManager$1 -> bnp$1:
    SkinManager field_152787_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SkinManager$2 -> bnp$2:
    IImageBuffer field_152635_a -> a
    SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback field_152636_b -> b
    com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.MinecraftProfileTexture$Type field_152637_c -> c
    ResourceLocation field_152638_d -> d
    com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.MinecraftProfileTexture field_177249_e -> e
    SkinManager field_152639_e -> f
net.minecraft.src.SkinManager$3 -> bnp$3:
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile field_152799_a -> a
    boolean field_152800_b -> b
    SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback field_152801_c -> c
    SkinManager field_152802_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.SkinManager$3$1 -> bnp$3$1:
    java.util.Map field_152803_a -> a
    SkinManager$3 field_152804_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback -> bnp$a:
net.minecraft.src.I18n -> bnq:
    Locale i18nLocale -> a
net.minecraft.src.Language -> bnr:
    java.lang.String languageCode -> a
    java.lang.String region -> b
    java.lang.String name -> c
    boolean bidirectional -> d
net.minecraft.src.LanguageManager -> bns:
    Locale currentLocale -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    IMetadataSerializer theMetadataSerializer -> c
    java.lang.String currentLanguage -> d
    java.util.Map languageMap -> e
net.minecraft.src.Locale -> bnt:
    java.util.Map properties -> a
    com.google.common.base.Splitter splitter -> b
    java.util.regex.Pattern pattern -> c
    boolean unicode -> d
net.minecraft.src.BaseMetadataSectionSerializer -> bnv:
net.minecraft.src.IMetadataSection -> bnw:
net.minecraft.src.IMetadataSectionSerializer -> bnx:
net.minecraft.src.IMetadataSerializer -> bny:
    IRegistry metadataSectionSerializerRegistry -> a
    com.google.gson.GsonBuilder gsonBuilder -> b
    com.google.gson.Gson gson -> c
net.minecraft.src.IMetadataSerializer$1 -> bny$1:
net.minecraft.src.IMetadataSerializer$Registration -> bny$a:
    IMetadataSectionSerializer section -> a
    java.lang.Class clazz -> b
    IMetadataSerializer field_110501_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.AnimationFrame -> bnz:
    int frameIndex -> a
    int frameTime -> b
net.minecraft.src.AnimationMetadataSection -> boa:
    java.util.List animationFrames -> a
    int frameWidth -> b
    int frameHeight -> c
    int frameTime -> d
    boolean interpolate -> e
net.minecraft.src.AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer -> bob:
net.minecraft.src.FontMetadataSection -> bod:
    float[] charWidths -> a
    float[] charLefts -> b
    float[] charSpacings -> c
net.minecraft.src.FontMetadataSectionSerializer -> boe:
net.minecraft.src.LanguageMetadataSection -> bog:
    java.util.Collection languages -> a
net.minecraft.src.LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer -> boh:
net.minecraft.src.PackMetadataSection -> boj:
    IChatComponent packDescription -> a
    int packFormat -> b
net.minecraft.src.PackMetadataSectionSerializer -> bok:
net.minecraft.src.TextureMetadataSection -> bon:
    boolean textureBlur -> a
    boolean textureClamp -> b
    java.util.List listMipmaps -> c
net.minecraft.src.TextureMetadataSectionSerializer -> boo:
net.minecraft.src.IBakedModel -> boq:
net.minecraft.src.ModelRotation -> bor:
    ModelRotation X0_Y0 -> a
    ModelRotation X0_Y90 -> b
    ModelRotation X0_Y180 -> c
    ModelRotation X0_Y270 -> d
    ModelRotation X90_Y0 -> e
    ModelRotation X90_Y90 -> f
    ModelRotation X90_Y180 -> g
    ModelRotation X90_Y270 -> h
    ModelRotation X180_Y0 -> i
    ModelRotation X180_Y90 -> j
    ModelRotation X180_Y180 -> k
    ModelRotation X180_Y270 -> l
    ModelRotation X270_Y0 -> m
    ModelRotation X270_Y90 -> n
    ModelRotation X270_Y180 -> o
    ModelRotation X270_Y270 -> p
    java.util.Map mapRotations -> q
    int combinedXY -> r
    org.lwjgl.util.vector.Matrix4f matrix4d -> s
    int quartersX -> t
    int quartersY -> u
    ModelRotation[] $VALUES -> v
net.minecraft.src.BuiltInModel -> bos:
    ItemCameraTransforms cameraTransforms -> a
net.minecraft.src.ModelBakery -> bot:
    ModelResourceLocation MODEL_MISSING -> a
    java.util.Set LOCATIONS_BUILTIN_TEXTURES -> b
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> c
    java.util.Map BUILT_IN_MODELS -> d
    com.google.common.base.Joiner JOINER -> e
    IResourceManager resourceManager -> f
    java.util.Map sprites -> g
    java.util.Map models -> h
    java.util.Map variants -> i
    TextureMap textureMap -> j
    BlockModelShapes blockModelShapes -> k
    FaceBakery faceBakery -> l
    ItemModelGenerator itemModelGenerator -> m
    RegistrySimple bakedRegistry -> n
    ModelBlock MODEL_GENERATED -> o
    ModelBlock MODEL_COMPASS -> p
    ModelBlock MODEL_CLOCK -> q
    ModelBlock MODEL_ENTITY -> r
    java.util.Map itemLocations -> s
    java.util.Map blockDefinitions -> t
    java.util.Map variantNames -> u
net.minecraft.src.ModelBakery$1 -> bot$1:
    ModelBakery field_177506_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ModelBakery$2 -> bot$2:
    java.util.Set field_177061_a -> a
    ModelBakery field_177060_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ModelManager -> bou:
    IRegistry modelRegistry -> a
    TextureMap texMap -> b
    BlockModelShapes modelProvider -> c
    IBakedModel defaultModel -> d
net.minecraft.src.ModelResourceLocation -> bov:
    java.lang.String variant -> c
net.minecraft.src.SimpleBakedModel -> bow:
    java.util.List generalQuads -> a
    java.util.List faceQuads -> b
    boolean ambientOcclusion -> c
    boolean gui3d -> d
    TextureAtlasSprite texture -> e
    ItemCameraTransforms cameraTransforms -> f
net.minecraft.src.SimpleBakedModel$Builder -> bow$a:
    java.util.List builderGeneralQuads -> a
    java.util.List builderFaceQuads -> b
    boolean builderAmbientOcclusion -> c
    TextureAtlasSprite builderTexture -> d
    boolean builderGui3d -> e
    ItemCameraTransforms builderCameraTransforms -> f
net.minecraft.src.WeightedBakedModel -> box:
    int totalWeight -> a
    java.util.List models -> b
    IBakedModel baseModel -> c
net.minecraft.src.WeightedBakedModel$Builder -> box$a:
    java.util.List listItems -> a
net.minecraft.src.WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem -> box$b:
    IBakedModel model -> b
net.minecraft.src.CommandTestForBlock -> bp:
net.minecraft.src.PositionedSound -> bpa:
    ResourceLocation positionedSoundLocation -> a
    float volume -> b
    float pitch -> c
    float xPosF -> d
    float yPosF -> e
    float zPosF -> f
    boolean repeat -> g
    int repeatDelay -> h
    ISound$AttenuationType attenuationType -> i
net.minecraft.src.MovingSound -> bpb:
    boolean donePlaying -> j
net.minecraft.src.GuardianSound -> bpc:
    EntityGuardian guardian -> k
net.minecraft.src.MovingSoundMinecart -> bpd:
    EntityMinecart minecart -> k
    float distance -> l
net.minecraft.src.MovingSoundMinecartRiding -> bpe:
    EntityPlayer player -> k
    EntityMinecart minecart -> l
net.minecraft.src.PositionedSoundRecord -> bpf:
net.minecraft.src.SoundCategory -> bpg:
    SoundCategory MASTER -> a
    SoundCategory MUSIC -> b
    SoundCategory RECORDS -> c
    SoundCategory WEATHER -> d
    SoundCategory BLOCKS -> e
    SoundCategory MOBS -> f
    SoundCategory ANIMALS -> g
    SoundCategory PLAYERS -> h
    SoundCategory AMBIENT -> i
    java.util.Map NAME_CATEGORY_MAP -> j
    java.util.Map ID_CATEGORY_MAP -> k
    java.lang.String categoryName -> l
    int categoryId -> m
    SoundCategory[] $VALUES -> n
net.minecraft.src.SoundList -> bph:
    java.util.List soundList -> a
    boolean replaceExisting -> b
    SoundCategory category -> c
net.minecraft.src.SoundList$SoundEntry -> bph$a:
    java.lang.String name -> a
    float volume -> b
    float pitch -> c
    int weight -> d
    SoundList$SoundEntry$Type type -> e
    boolean streaming -> f
net.minecraft.src.SoundList$SoundEntry$Type -> bph$a$a:
    SoundList$SoundEntry$Type FILE -> a
    SoundList$SoundEntry$Type SOUND_EVENT -> b
    java.lang.String field_148583_c -> c
    SoundList$SoundEntry$Type[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.SoundListSerializer -> bpi:
net.minecraft.src.ISound -> bpj:
net.minecraft.src.ISound$AttenuationType -> bpj$a:
    ISound$AttenuationType NONE -> a
    ISound$AttenuationType LINEAR -> b
    int type -> c
    ISound$AttenuationType[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.ITickableSound -> bpk:
net.minecraft.src.IntegratedPlayerList -> bpn:
    NBTTagCompound hostPlayerData -> f
net.minecraft.src.IntegratedServer -> bpo:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> k
    Minecraft mc -> l
    WorldSettings theWorldSettings -> m
    boolean isGamePaused -> n
    boolean isPublic -> o
    ThreadLanServerPing lanServerPing -> p
net.minecraft.src.IntegratedServer$1 -> bpo$1:
    IntegratedServer field_76974_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.IntegratedServer$2 -> bpo$2:
    IntegratedServer field_76972_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.IntegratedServer$3 -> bpo$3:
    IntegratedServer field_177494_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.IntegratedServerCommandManager -> bpp:
net.minecraft.src.LanServerDetector -> bpq:
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger field_148551_a -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
net.minecraft.src.LanServerDetector$LanServer -> bpq$a:
    java.lang.String lanServerMotd -> a
    java.lang.String lanServerIpPort -> b
    long timeLastSeen -> c
net.minecraft.src.LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind -> bpq$b:
    LanServerDetector$LanServerList localServerList -> a
    java.net.InetAddress broadcastAddress -> b
    java.net.MulticastSocket socket -> c
net.minecraft.src.LanServerDetector$LanServerList -> bpq$c:
    boolean wasUpdated -> a
    java.util.List listOfLanServers -> b
net.minecraft.src.ThreadLanServerPing -> bpr:
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger field_148658_a -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    java.lang.String motd -> c
    java.net.DatagramSocket socket -> d
    boolean isStopping -> e
    java.lang.String address -> f
net.minecraft.src.MusicTicker -> bpv:
    java.util.Random rand -> a
    Minecraft mc -> b
    ISound currentMusic -> c
    int timeUntilNextMusic -> d
net.minecraft.src.MusicTicker$MusicType -> bpv$a:
    MusicTicker$MusicType MENU -> a
    MusicTicker$MusicType GAME -> b
    MusicTicker$MusicType CREATIVE -> c
    MusicTicker$MusicType CREDITS -> d
    MusicTicker$MusicType NETHER -> e
    MusicTicker$MusicType END_BOSS -> f
    MusicTicker$MusicType END -> g
    ResourceLocation musicLocation -> h
    int minDelay -> i
    int maxDelay -> j
    MusicTicker$MusicType[] $VALUES -> k
net.minecraft.src.SoundPoolEntry -> bpw:
    ResourceLocation location -> a
    boolean streamingSound -> b
    double pitch -> c
    double volume -> d
net.minecraft.src.SoundManager -> bpx:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Marker LOG_MARKER -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    SoundHandler sndHandler -> c
    GameSettings options -> d
    SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread sndSystem -> e
    boolean loaded -> f
    int playTime -> g
    java.util.Map playingSounds -> h
    java.util.Map invPlayingSounds -> i
    java.util.Map playingSoundPoolEntries -> j
    com.google.common.collect.Multimap categorySounds -> k
    java.util.List tickableSounds -> l
    java.util.Map delayedSounds -> m
    java.util.Map playingSoundsStopTime -> n
net.minecraft.src.SoundManager$1 -> bpx$1:
    SoundManager field_148631_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SoundManager$1$1 -> bpx$1$1:
    SoundManager$1 field_177950_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SoundManager$2 -> bpx$2:
    ResourceLocation field_148592_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SoundManager$2$1 -> bpx$2$1:
    SoundManager$2 field_148593_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread -> bpx$a:
    SoundManager field_148591_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SoundEventAccessorComposite -> bpy:
    java.util.List soundPool -> a
    java.util.Random rnd -> b
    ResourceLocation soundLocation -> c
    SoundCategory category -> d
    double eventPitch -> e
    double eventVolume -> f
net.minecraft.src.SoundHandler -> bpz:
    SoundPoolEntry missing_sound -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    com.google.gson.Gson GSON -> c
    java.lang.reflect.ParameterizedType TYPE -> d
    SoundRegistry sndRegistry -> e
    SoundManager sndManager -> f
    IResourceManager mcResourceManager -> g
net.minecraft.src.SoundHandler$1 -> bpz$1:
net.minecraft.src.SoundHandler$2 -> bpz$2:
    ResourceLocation field_148726_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_148724_b -> b
    SoundList$SoundEntry field_148725_c -> c
    SoundHandler field_148723_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.SoundHandler$3 -> bpz$3:
    int[] field_148765_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandTestFor -> bq:
net.minecraft.src.SoundRegistry -> bqa:
    java.util.Map soundRegistry -> a
net.minecraft.src.ISoundEventAccessor -> bqb:
net.minecraft.src.SoundEventAccessor -> bqc:
    SoundPoolEntry entry -> a
    int weight -> b
net.minecraft.src.MetadataAchievement -> bqe:
net.minecraft.src.MetadataCombat -> bqf:
net.minecraft.src.MetadataPlayerDeath -> bqg:
net.minecraft.src.Metadata -> bqh:
    com.google.gson.Gson field_152811_a -> a
    java.lang.String name -> b
    java.lang.String description -> c
    java.util.Map payload -> d
net.minecraft.src.BroadcastController -> bqj:
    IngestServerTester ingestServTester -> A
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IStreamCallbacks streamCallback -> B
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IStatCallbacks field_177949_C -> C
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> D
    ThreadSafeBoundList field_152862_C -> E
    java.lang.String lastError -> F
    tv.twitch.ErrorCode errorCode -> G
    int field_152865_a -> a
    int field_152866_b -> b
    BroadcastController$BroadcastListener broadcastListener -> c
    java.lang.String field_152868_d -> d
    java.lang.String field_152869_e -> e
    java.lang.String field_152870_f -> f
    boolean field_152871_g -> g
    tv.twitch.Core streamCore -> h
    tv.twitch.broadcast.Stream theStream -> i
    java.util.List field_152874_j -> j
    java.util.List field_152875_k -> k
    boolean field_152876_l -> l
    boolean field_152877_m -> m
    boolean field_152878_n -> n
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState broadcastState -> o
    java.lang.String field_152880_p -> p
    tv.twitch.broadcast.VideoParams videoParamaters -> q
    tv.twitch.broadcast.AudioParams audioParamaters -> r
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IngestList ingestList -> s
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IngestServer ingestServ -> t
    tv.twitch.AuthToken authenticationToken -> u
    tv.twitch.broadcast.ChannelInfo channelInfo -> v
    tv.twitch.broadcast.UserInfo userInfo -> w
    tv.twitch.broadcast.StreamInfo streamInfo -> x
    tv.twitch.broadcast.ArchivingState archivingState -> y
    long field_152890_z -> z
net.minecraft.src.BroadcastController$1 -> bqj$1:
    BroadcastController field_177945_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BroadcastController$2 -> bqj$2:
    BroadcastController field_177772_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BroadcastController$3 -> bqj$3:
    int[] field_177773_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BroadcastController$BroadcastState -> bqj$a:
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState Uninitialized -> a
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState Initialized -> b
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState Authenticating -> c
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState Authenticated -> d
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState LoggingIn -> e
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState LoggedIn -> f
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState FindingIngestServer -> g
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState ReceivedIngestServers -> h
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState ReadyToBroadcast -> i
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState Starting -> j
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState Broadcasting -> k
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState Stopping -> l
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState Paused -> m
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState IngestTesting -> n
    BroadcastController$BroadcastState[] $VALUES -> o
net.minecraft.src.BroadcastController$BroadcastListener -> bqj$b:
net.minecraft.src.ChatController -> bqk:
    ChatController$ChatListener field_153003_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_153004_b -> b
    java.lang.String field_153006_d -> c
    java.lang.String field_153007_e -> d
    tv.twitch.Core field_175992_e -> e
    tv.twitch.chat.Chat field_153008_f -> f
    ChatController$ChatState field_153011_i -> g
    tv.twitch.AuthToken field_153012_j -> h
    java.util.HashMap field_175998_i -> i
    int field_153015_m -> j
    ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode field_175997_k -> k
    ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode field_175995_l -> l
    tv.twitch.chat.ChatEmoticonData field_175996_m -> m
    int field_175993_n -> n
    int field_175994_o -> o
    tv.twitch.chat.IChatAPIListener field_175999_p -> p
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> q
net.minecraft.src.ChatController$1 -> bqk$1:
    ChatController field_176000_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ChatController$2 -> bqk$2:
    int[] field_175976_a -> a
    int[] field_175974_b -> b
    int[] field_175975_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.ChatController$EnumChannelState -> bqk$a:
    ChatController$EnumChannelState Created -> a
    ChatController$EnumChannelState Connecting -> b
    ChatController$EnumChannelState Connected -> c
    ChatController$EnumChannelState Disconnecting -> d
    ChatController$EnumChannelState Disconnected -> e
    ChatController$EnumChannelState[] $VALUES -> f
net.minecraft.src.ChatController$ChatChannelListener -> bqk$b:
    java.lang.String field_176048_a -> a
    boolean field_176046_b -> b
    ChatController$EnumChannelState field_176047_c -> c
    java.util.List field_176044_d -> d
    java.util.LinkedList field_176045_e -> e
    java.util.LinkedList field_176042_f -> f
    tv.twitch.chat.ChatBadgeData field_176043_g -> g
    ChatController field_176049_h -> h
net.minecraft.src.ChatController$ChatState -> bqk$c:
    ChatController$ChatState Uninitialized -> a
    ChatController$ChatState Initializing -> b
    ChatController$ChatState Initialized -> c
    ChatController$ChatState ShuttingDown -> d
    ChatController$ChatState[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode -> bqk$d:
    ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode None -> a
    ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode Url -> b
    ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode TextureAtlas -> c
    ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.ChatController$ChatListener -> bqk$e:
net.minecraft.src.IngestServerTester -> bql:
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IStreamCallbacks field_176005_A -> A
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IStatCallbacks field_176006_B -> B
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestListener field_153044_b -> a
    tv.twitch.broadcast.Stream field_153045_c -> b
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IngestList field_153046_d -> c
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState field_153047_e -> d
    long field_153048_f -> e
    long field_153049_g -> f
    long field_153050_h -> g
    tv.twitch.broadcast.RTMPState field_153051_i -> h
    tv.twitch.broadcast.VideoParams field_153052_j -> i
    tv.twitch.broadcast.AudioParams audioParameters -> j
    long field_153054_l -> k
    java.util.List field_153055_m -> l
    boolean field_153056_n -> m
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IStreamCallbacks field_153057_o -> n
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IStatCallbacks field_153058_p -> o
    tv.twitch.broadcast.IngestServer field_153059_q -> p
    boolean field_153060_r -> q
    boolean field_153061_s -> r
    int field_153062_t -> s
    int field_153063_u -> t
    long field_153064_v -> u
    float field_153065_w -> v
    float field_153066_x -> w
    boolean field_176009_x -> x
    boolean field_176008_y -> y
    boolean field_176007_z -> z
net.minecraft.src.IngestServerTester$1 -> bql$1:
    IngestServerTester field_176010_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.IngestServerTester$2 -> bql$2:
    IngestServerTester field_176001_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.IngestServerTester$3 -> bql$3:
    int[] field_176003_a -> a
    int[] field_176002_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.IngestServerTester$IngestTestListener -> bql$a:
net.minecraft.src.IngestServerTester$IngestTestState -> bql$b:
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState Uninitalized -> a
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState Starting -> b
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState ConnectingToServer -> c
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState TestingServer -> d
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState DoneTestingServer -> e
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState Finished -> f
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState Cancelling -> g
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState Cancelled -> h
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState Failed -> i
    IngestServerTester$IngestTestState[] $VALUES -> j
net.minecraft.src.IStream -> bqm:
net.minecraft.src.IStream$AuthFailureReason -> bqm$a:
    IStream$AuthFailureReason ERROR -> a
    IStream$AuthFailureReason INVALID_TOKEN -> b
    IStream$AuthFailureReason[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.TwitchStream -> bqn:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Marker STREAM_MARKER -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> b
    BroadcastController broadcastController -> c
    ChatController chatController -> d
    java.lang.String field_176029_e -> e
    Minecraft mc -> f
    IChatComponent twitchComponent -> g
    java.util.Map field_152955_g -> h
    Framebuffer framebuffer -> i
    boolean field_152957_i -> j
    int targetFPS -> k
    long field_152959_k -> l
    boolean field_152960_l -> m
    boolean loggedIn -> n
    boolean field_152962_n -> o
    boolean field_152963_o -> p
    IStream$AuthFailureReason authFailureReason -> q
    boolean field_152965_q -> r
net.minecraft.src.TwitchStream$1 -> bqn$1:
    com.mojang.authlib.properties.Property field_153083_a -> a
    TwitchStream field_153084_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.TwitchStream$1$1 -> bqn$1$1:
    TwitchStream$1 field_153082_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NullStream -> bqo:
    java.lang.Throwable field_152938_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Matrix4f -> bqq:
net.minecraft.src.Vector3d -> bqr:
    double x -> a
    double y -> b
    double z -> c
net.minecraft.src.OpenGlHelper -> bqs:
    int GL_SOURCE1_RGB -> A
    int GL_SOURCE2_RGB -> B
    int GL_OPERAND0_RGB -> C
    int GL_OPERAND1_RGB -> D
    int GL_OPERAND2_RGB -> E
    int GL_COMBINE_ALPHA -> F
    int GL_SOURCE0_ALPHA -> G
    int GL_SOURCE1_ALPHA -> H
    int GL_SOURCE2_ALPHA -> I
    int GL_OPERAND0_ALPHA -> J
    int GL_OPERAND1_ALPHA -> K
    int GL_OPERAND2_ALPHA -> L
    boolean extBlendFuncSeparate -> M
    boolean openGL21 -> N
    boolean shadersSupported -> O
    boolean vboSupported -> P
    boolean vboSupportedAti -> Q
    int GL_ARRAY_BUFFER -> R
    int GL_STATIC_DRAW -> S
    int framebufferType -> T
    boolean shadersAvailable -> U
    boolean arbShaders -> V
    boolean arbMultitexture -> W
    boolean arbTextureEnvCombine -> X
    boolean openGL14 -> Y
    java.lang.String logText -> Z
    boolean nvidia -> a
    java.lang.String cpu -> aa
    boolean arbVbo -> ab
    boolean ati -> b
    int GL_FRAMEBUFFER -> c
    int GL_RENDERBUFFER -> d
    int GL_COLOR_ATTACHMENT0 -> e
    int GL_DEPTH_ATTACHMENT -> f
    int GL_FRAMEBUFFER_COMPLETE -> g
    int GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_ATTACHMENT -> h
    int GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_MISS_ATTACH -> i
    int GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_DRAW_BUFFER -> j
    int GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_READ_BUFFER -> k
    boolean framebufferSupported -> l
    int GL_LINK_STATUS -> m
    int GL_COMPILE_STATUS -> n
    int GL_VERTEX_SHADER -> o
    int GL_FRAGMENT_SHADER -> p
    int defaultTexUnit -> q
    int lightmapTexUnit -> r
    int GL_TEXTURE2 -> s
    int GL_COMBINE -> t
    int GL_INTERPOLATE -> u
    int GL_PRIMARY_COLOR -> v
    int GL_CONSTANT -> w
    int GL_PREVIOUS -> x
    int GL_COMBINE_RGB -> y
    int GL_SOURCE0_RGB -> z
net.minecraft.src.CommandTime -> br:
net.minecraft.src.CommandTitle -> bs:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandToggleDownfall -> bt:
net.minecraft.src.CommandTrigger -> bu:
net.minecraft.src.CommandWeather -> bv:
net.minecraft.src.CommandWhitelist -> bw:
net.minecraft.src.CommandWorldBorder -> bx:
net.minecraft.src.CommandException -> bz:
    java.lang.Object[] errorObjects -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReportCategory -> c:
    CrashReport crashReport -> a
    java.lang.String name -> b
    java.util.List children -> c
    java.lang.StackTraceElement[] stackTrace -> d
net.minecraft.src.CrashReportCategory$1 -> c$1:
    int field_85080_a -> a
    Block field_147151_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.CrashReportCategory$2 -> c$2:
    int field_85063_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReportCategory$3 -> c$3:
    BlockPos field_175749_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReportCategory$6 -> c$6:
    IBlockState field_175754_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReportCategory$7 -> c$7:
    BlockPos field_175752_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.CrashReportCategory$Entry -> c$a:
    java.lang.String key -> a
    java.lang.String value -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityNotFoundException -> ca:
net.minecraft.src.NumberInvalidException -> cb:
net.minecraft.src.SyntaxErrorException -> cc:
net.minecraft.src.PlayerNotFoundException -> cd:
net.minecraft.src.CommandNotFoundException -> ce:
net.minecraft.src.WrongUsageException -> cf:
net.minecraft.src.BlockPos -> cj:
    BlockPos ORIGIN -> a
    int NUM_X_BITS -> c
    int NUM_Z_BITS -> d
    int NUM_Y_BITS -> e
    int Y_SHIFT -> f
    int X_SHIFT -> g
    long X_MASK -> h
    long Y_MASK -> i
    long Z_MASK -> j
net.minecraft.src.BlockPos$1 -> cj$1:
    BlockPos field_179307_a -> a
    BlockPos field_179306_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPos$1$1 -> cj$1$1:
    BlockPos$1 field_179310_a -> a
    BlockPos lastReturned -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPos$2 -> cj$2:
    BlockPos field_179312_a -> a
    BlockPos field_179311_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPos$2$1 -> cj$2$1:
    BlockPos$2 field_179315_a -> a
    BlockPos$MutableBlockPos theBlockPos -> b
net.minecraft.src.BlockPos$MutableBlockPos -> cj$a:
    int x -> c
    int y -> d
    int z -> e
net.minecraft.src.IBlockSource -> ck:
net.minecraft.src.BlockSourceImpl -> cl:
    World worldObj -> a
    BlockPos pos -> b
net.minecraft.src.Cartesian -> cm:
net.minecraft.src.Cartesian$1 -> cm$1:
net.minecraft.src.Cartesian$GetList -> cm$a:
net.minecraft.src.Cartesian$Product -> cm$b:
    java.lang.Class clazz -> a
    java.lang.Iterable[] iterables -> b
net.minecraft.src.Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator -> cm$b$a:
    int index -> a
    java.lang.Iterable[] iterables -> b
    java.util.Iterator[] iterators -> c
    java.lang.Object[] results -> d
net.minecraft.src.BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem -> cn:
net.minecraft.src.RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey -> co:
    java.lang.Object defaultValueKey -> d
    java.lang.Object defaultValue -> e
net.minecraft.src.RegistryDefaulted -> cp:
    java.lang.Object defaultObject -> a
net.minecraft.src.EnumFacing -> cq:
    EnumFacing DOWN -> a
    EnumFacing UP -> b
    EnumFacing NORTH -> c
    EnumFacing SOUTH -> d
    EnumFacing WEST -> e
    EnumFacing EAST -> f
    int index -> g
    int opposite -> h
    int horizontalIndex -> i
    java.lang.String name -> j
    EnumFacing$Axis axis -> k
    EnumFacing$AxisDirection axisDirection -> l
    Vec3i directionVec -> m
    EnumFacing[] VALUES -> n
    EnumFacing[] HORIZONTALS -> o
    java.util.Map NAME_LOOKUP -> p
    EnumFacing[] $VALUES -> q
net.minecraft.src.EnumFacing$1 -> cq$1:
    int[] field_179515_a -> a
    int[] field_179513_b -> b
    int[] field_179514_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.EnumFacing$Axis -> cq$a:
    EnumFacing$Axis X -> a
    EnumFacing$Axis Y -> b
    EnumFacing$Axis Z -> c
    java.util.Map NAME_LOOKUP -> d
    java.lang.String name -> e
    EnumFacing$Plane plane -> f
    EnumFacing$Axis[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.EnumFacing$AxisDirection -> cq$b:
    EnumFacing$AxisDirection POSITIVE -> a
    EnumFacing$AxisDirection NEGATIVE -> b
    int offset -> c
    java.lang.String description -> d
    EnumFacing$AxisDirection[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.EnumFacing$Plane -> cq$c:
    EnumFacing$Plane HORIZONTAL -> a
    EnumFacing$Plane VERTICAL -> b
    EnumFacing$Plane[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.IBehaviorDispenseItem -> cr:
    IBehaviorDispenseItem itemDispenseBehaviorProvider -> a
net.minecraft.src.IBehaviorDispenseItem$1 -> cr$1:
net.minecraft.src.IObjectIntIterable -> cs:
net.minecraft.src.ObjectIntIdentityMap -> ct:
    java.util.IdentityHashMap identityMap -> a
    java.util.List objectList -> b
net.minecraft.src.ILocatableSource -> cu:
net.minecraft.src.ILocation -> cv:
net.minecraft.src.MapPopulator -> cw:
net.minecraft.src.RegistryNamespaced -> cx:
    ObjectIntIdentityMap underlyingIntegerMap -> a
    java.util.Map inverseObjectRegistry -> b
net.minecraft.src.EnumParticleTypes -> cy:
    EnumParticleTypes FLAME -> A
    EnumParticleTypes LAVA -> B
    EnumParticleTypes FOOTSTEP -> C
    EnumParticleTypes CLOUD -> D
    EnumParticleTypes REDSTONE -> E
    EnumParticleTypes SNOWBALL -> F
    EnumParticleTypes SNOW_SHOVEL -> G
    EnumParticleTypes SLIME -> H
    EnumParticleTypes HEART -> I
    EnumParticleTypes BARRIER -> J
    EnumParticleTypes ITEM_CRACK -> K
    EnumParticleTypes BLOCK_CRACK -> L
    EnumParticleTypes BLOCK_DUST -> M
    EnumParticleTypes WATER_DROP -> N
    EnumParticleTypes ITEM_TAKE -> O
    EnumParticleTypes MOB_APPEARANCE -> P
    java.lang.String particleName -> Q
    int particleID -> R
    boolean shouldIgnoreRange -> S
    int argumentCount -> T
    java.util.Map PARTICLES -> U
    java.lang.String[] PARTICLE_NAMES -> V
    EnumParticleTypes[] $VALUES -> W
    EnumParticleTypes EXPLOSION_NORMAL -> a
    EnumParticleTypes EXPLOSION_LARGE -> b
    EnumParticleTypes EXPLOSION_HUGE -> c
    EnumParticleTypes FIREWORKS_SPARK -> d
    EnumParticleTypes WATER_BUBBLE -> e
    EnumParticleTypes WATER_SPLASH -> f
    EnumParticleTypes WATER_WAKE -> g
    EnumParticleTypes SUSPENDED -> h
    EnumParticleTypes SUSPENDED_DEPTH -> i
    EnumParticleTypes CRIT -> j
    EnumParticleTypes CRIT_MAGIC -> k
    EnumParticleTypes SMOKE_NORMAL -> l
    EnumParticleTypes SMOKE_LARGE -> m
    EnumParticleTypes SPELL -> n
    EnumParticleTypes SPELL_INSTANT -> o
    EnumParticleTypes SPELL_MOB -> p
    EnumParticleTypes SPELL_MOB_AMBIENT -> q
    EnumParticleTypes SPELL_WITCH -> r
    EnumParticleTypes DRIP_WATER -> s
    EnumParticleTypes DRIP_LAVA -> t
    EnumParticleTypes VILLAGER_ANGRY -> u
    EnumParticleTypes VILLAGER_HAPPY -> v
    EnumParticleTypes TOWN_AURA -> w
    EnumParticleTypes NOTE -> x
    EnumParticleTypes PORTAL -> y
    EnumParticleTypes ENCHANTMENT_TABLE -> z
net.minecraft.src.IPosition -> cz:
net.minecraft.src.PositionImpl -> da:
    double x -> a
    double y -> b
    double z -> c
net.minecraft.src.IRegistry -> db:
net.minecraft.src.Rotations -> dc:
    float x -> a
    float y -> b
    float z -> c
net.minecraft.src.RegistrySimple -> dd:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.Map registryObjects -> c
net.minecraft.src.Vec3i -> df:
    int x -> a
    Vec3i NULL_VECTOR -> b
    int y -> c
    int z -> d
net.minecraft.src.StatCollector -> di:
    StringTranslate localizedName -> a
    StringTranslate fallbackTranslator -> b
net.minecraft.src.StringTranslate -> dj:
    java.util.regex.Pattern numericVariablePattern -> a
    com.google.common.base.Splitter equalSignSplitter -> b
    StringTranslate instance -> c
    java.util.Map languageList -> d
    long lastUpdateTimeInMilliseconds -> e
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagByteArray -> dl:
    byte[] data -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagByte -> dm:
    byte data -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagCompound -> dn:
    java.util.Map tagMap -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagCompound$1 -> dn$1:
    java.lang.String field_82585_a -> a
    NBTTagCompound field_82584_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagCompound$2 -> dn$2:
    int field_82588_a -> a
    NBTTagCompound field_82587_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagDouble -> dp:
    double data -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagEnd -> dq:
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagFloat -> dr:
    float data -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagIntArray -> ds:
    int[] intArray -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagInt -> dt:
    int data -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagList -> du:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> b
    java.util.List tagList -> c
    byte tagType -> d
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagLong -> dv:
    long data -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTSizeTracker -> dw:
    NBTSizeTracker INFINITE -> a
    long max -> b
    long read -> c
net.minecraft.src.NBTSizeTracker$1 -> dw$1:
net.minecraft.src.CompressedStreamTools -> dx:
net.minecraft.src.NBTUtil -> dy:
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagShort -> dz:
    short data -> b
net.minecraft.src.ReportedException -> e:
    CrashReport theReportedExceptionCrashReport -> a
net.minecraft.src.NBTTagString -> ea:
    java.lang.String data -> b
net.minecraft.src.NBTBase -> eb:
    java.lang.String[] NBT_TYPES -> a
net.minecraft.src.NBTBase$NBTPrimitive -> eb$a:
net.minecraft.src.NBTException -> ec:
net.minecraft.src.JsonToNBT -> ed:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.regex.Pattern field_179273_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.JsonToNBT$Any -> ed$a:
    java.lang.String json -> a
net.minecraft.src.JsonToNBT$Compound -> ed$b:
    java.util.List field_150491_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.JsonToNBT$List -> ed$c:
    java.util.List field_150492_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.JsonToNBT$Primitive -> ed$d:
    java.lang.String jsonValue -> b
    java.util.regex.Pattern DOUBLE -> c
    java.util.regex.Pattern FLOAT -> d
    java.util.regex.Pattern BYTE -> e
    java.util.regex.Pattern LONG -> f
    java.util.regex.Pattern SHORT -> g
    java.util.regex.Pattern INTEGER -> h
    java.util.regex.Pattern DOUBLE_UNTYPED -> i
    com.google.common.base.Splitter SPLITTER -> j
net.minecraft.src.NettyEncryptionTranslator -> ef:
    javax.crypto.Cipher cipher -> a
    byte[] field_150505_b -> b
    byte[] field_150506_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.NettyEncryptingDecoder -> eg:
    NettyEncryptionTranslator decryptionCodec -> a
net.minecraft.src.NettyEncryptingEncoder -> eh:
    NettyEncryptionTranslator encryptionCodec -> a
net.minecraft.src.NettyCompressionDecoder -> ei:
    java.util.zip.Inflater inflater -> a
    int treshold -> b
net.minecraft.src.NettyCompressionEncoder -> ej:
    byte[] buffer -> a
    java.util.zip.Deflater deflater -> b
    int treshold -> c
net.minecraft.src.NetworkManager -> ek:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Marker logMarkerNetwork -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Marker logMarkerPackets -> b
    io.netty.util.AttributeKey attrKeyConnectionState -> c
    LazyLoadBase CLIENT_NIO_EVENTLOOP -> d
    LazyLoadBase CLIENT_EPOLL_EVENTLOOP -> e
    LazyLoadBase CLIENT_LOCAL_EVENTLOOP -> f
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> g
    EnumPacketDirection direction -> h
    java.util.Queue outboundPacketsQueue -> i
    java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantReadWriteLock readWriteLock -> j
    io.netty.channel.Channel channel -> k
    java.net.SocketAddress socketAddress -> l
    INetHandler packetListener -> m
    IChatComponent terminationReason -> n
    boolean isEncrypted -> o
    boolean disconnected -> p
net.minecraft.src.NetworkManager$1 -> ek$1:
net.minecraft.src.NetworkManager$2 -> ek$2:
net.minecraft.src.NetworkManager$3 -> ek$3:
net.minecraft.src.NetworkManager$4 -> ek$4:
    EnumConnectionState field_181130_a -> a
    EnumConnectionState field_181131_b -> b
    Packet field_181132_c -> c
    io.netty.util.concurrent.GenericFutureListener[] field_181133_d -> d
    NetworkManager field_181134_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.NetworkManager$5 -> ek$5:
    NetworkManager field_179248_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetworkManager$6 -> ek$6:
    NetworkManager field_181135_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener -> ek$a:
    Packet packet -> a
    io.netty.util.concurrent.GenericFutureListener[] futureListeners -> b
net.minecraft.src.EnumConnectionState -> el:
    EnumConnectionState HANDSHAKING -> a
    EnumConnectionState PLAY -> b
    EnumConnectionState STATUS -> c
    EnumConnectionState LOGIN -> d
    int field_181136_e -> e
    int field_181137_f -> f
    EnumConnectionState[] STATES_BY_ID -> g
    java.util.Map STATES_BY_CLASS -> h
    int id -> i
    java.util.Map directionMaps -> j
    EnumConnectionState[] $VALUES -> k
net.minecraft.src.EnumConnectionState$1 -> el$1:
net.minecraft.src.EnumConnectionState$2 -> el$2:
net.minecraft.src.EnumConnectionState$3 -> el$3:
net.minecraft.src.EnumConnectionState$4 -> el$4:
net.minecraft.src.PacketBuffer -> em:
    io.netty.buffer.ByteBuf buf -> a
net.minecraft.src.MessageDeserializer -> en:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Marker RECEIVED_PACKET_MARKER -> b
    EnumPacketDirection direction -> c
net.minecraft.src.MessageSerializer -> eo:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Marker RECEIVED_PACKET_MARKER -> b
    EnumPacketDirection direction -> c
net.minecraft.src.INetHandler -> ep:
net.minecraft.src.MessageDeserializer2 -> eq:
net.minecraft.src.MessageSerializer2 -> er:
net.minecraft.src.ChatComponentStyle -> es:
    java.util.List siblings -> a
    ChatStyle style -> b
net.minecraft.src.ChatComponentStyle$1 -> es$1:
net.minecraft.src.ChatComponentStyle$2 -> es$2:
net.minecraft.src.ClickEvent -> et:
    ClickEvent$Action action -> a
    java.lang.String value -> b
net.minecraft.src.ClickEvent$Action -> et$a:
    ClickEvent$Action OPEN_URL -> a
    ClickEvent$Action OPEN_FILE -> b
    ClickEvent$Action RUN_COMMAND -> c
    ClickEvent$Action TWITCH_USER_INFO -> d
    ClickEvent$Action SUGGEST_COMMAND -> e
    ClickEvent$Action CHANGE_PAGE -> f
    java.util.Map nameMapping -> g
    boolean allowedInChat -> h
    java.lang.String canonicalName -> i
    ClickEvent$Action[] $VALUES -> j
net.minecraft.src.IChatComponent -> eu:
net.minecraft.src.IChatComponent$Serializer -> eu$a:
    com.google.gson.Gson GSON -> a
net.minecraft.src.ChatComponentProcessor -> ev:
net.minecraft.src.HoverEvent -> ew:
    HoverEvent$Action action -> a
    IChatComponent value -> b
net.minecraft.src.HoverEvent$Action -> ew$a:
    HoverEvent$Action SHOW_TEXT -> a
    HoverEvent$Action SHOW_ACHIEVEMENT -> b
    HoverEvent$Action SHOW_ITEM -> c
    HoverEvent$Action SHOW_ENTITY -> d
    java.util.Map nameMapping -> e
    boolean allowedInChat -> f
    java.lang.String canonicalName -> g
    HoverEvent$Action[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.ChatComponentScore -> ex:
    java.lang.String name -> b
    java.lang.String objective -> c
    java.lang.String value -> d
net.minecraft.src.ChatComponentSelector -> ey:
    java.lang.String selector -> b
net.minecraft.src.ChatStyle -> ez:
    ChatStyle parentStyle -> a
    EnumChatFormatting color -> b
    java.lang.Boolean bold -> c
    java.lang.Boolean italic -> d
    java.lang.Boolean underlined -> e
    java.lang.Boolean strikethrough -> f
    java.lang.Boolean obfuscated -> g
    ClickEvent chatClickEvent -> h
    HoverEvent chatHoverEvent -> i
    java.lang.String insertion -> j
    ChatStyle rootStyle -> k
net.minecraft.src.ChatStyle$1 -> ez$1:
net.minecraft.src.ChatStyle$Serializer -> ez$a:
net.minecraft.src.ChatAllowedCharacters -> f:
    char[] allowedCharactersArray -> a
net.minecraft.src.ChatComponentText -> fa:
    java.lang.String text -> b
net.minecraft.src.ChatComponentTranslation -> fb:
    java.util.List children -> b
    java.util.regex.Pattern stringVariablePattern -> c
    java.lang.String key -> d
    java.lang.Object[] formatArgs -> e
    java.lang.Object syncLock -> f
    long lastTranslationUpdateTimeInMilliseconds -> g
net.minecraft.src.ChatComponentTranslationFormatException -> fc:
net.minecraft.src.Packet -> ff:
net.minecraft.src.EnumPacketDirection -> fg:
    EnumPacketDirection SERVERBOUND -> a
    EnumPacketDirection CLIENTBOUND -> b
    EnumPacketDirection[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.PacketThreadUtil -> fh:
net.minecraft.src.PacketThreadUtil$1 -> fh$1:
    Packet field_180030_a -> a
    INetHandler field_180029_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.S08PacketPlayerPosLook -> fi:
    double x -> a
    double y -> b
    double z -> c
    float yaw -> d
    float pitch -> e
    java.util.Set field_179835_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags -> fi$a:
    S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags X -> a
    S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags Y -> b
    S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags Z -> c
    S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags Y_ROT -> d
    S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags X_ROT -> e
    int field_180058_f -> f
    S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.INetHandlerPlayClient -> fj:
net.minecraft.src.S0EPacketSpawnObject -> fk:
    int entityId -> a
    int x -> b
    int y -> c
    int z -> d
    int speedX -> e
    int speedY -> f
    int speedZ -> g
    int pitch -> h
    int yaw -> i
    int type -> j
    int field_149020_k -> k
net.minecraft.src.S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb -> fl:
    int entityID -> a
    int posX -> b
    int posY -> c
    int posZ -> d
    int xpValue -> e
net.minecraft.src.S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity -> fm:
    int entityId -> a
    int x -> b
    int y -> c
    int z -> d
    int type -> e
net.minecraft.src.S0FPacketSpawnMob -> fn:
    int entityId -> a
    int type -> b
    int x -> c
    int y -> d
    int z -> e
    int velocityX -> f
    int velocityY -> g
    int velocityZ -> h
    byte yaw -> i
    byte pitch -> j
    byte headPitch -> k
    DataWatcher field_149043_l -> l
    java.util.List watcher -> m
net.minecraft.src.S10PacketSpawnPainting -> fo:
    int entityID -> a
    BlockPos position -> b
    EnumFacing facing -> c
    java.lang.String title -> d
net.minecraft.src.S0CPacketSpawnPlayer -> fp:
    int entityId -> a
    java.util.UUID playerId -> b
    int x -> c
    int y -> d
    int z -> e
    byte yaw -> f
    byte pitch -> g
    int currentItem -> h
    DataWatcher watcher -> i
    java.util.List field_148958_j -> j
net.minecraft.src.S0BPacketAnimation -> fq:
    int entityId -> a
    int type -> b
net.minecraft.src.S37PacketStatistics -> fr:
    java.util.Map field_148976_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.S25PacketBlockBreakAnim -> fs:
    int breakerId -> a
    BlockPos position -> b
    int progress -> c
net.minecraft.src.S35PacketUpdateTileEntity -> ft:
    BlockPos blockPos -> a
    int metadata -> b
    NBTTagCompound nbt -> c
net.minecraft.src.S24PacketBlockAction -> fu:
    BlockPos blockPosition -> a
    int instrument -> b
    int pitch -> c
    Block block -> d
net.minecraft.src.S23PacketBlockChange -> fv:
    BlockPos blockPosition -> a
    IBlockState blockState -> b
net.minecraft.src.S41PacketServerDifficulty -> fw:
    EnumDifficulty difficulty -> a
    boolean difficultyLocked -> b
net.minecraft.src.S3APacketTabComplete -> fx:
    java.lang.String[] matches -> a
net.minecraft.src.S02PacketChat -> fy:
    IChatComponent chatComponent -> a
    byte type -> b
net.minecraft.src.S22PacketMultiBlockChange -> fz:
    ChunkCoordIntPair chunkPosCoord -> a
    S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData[] changedBlocks -> b
net.minecraft.src.S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData -> fz$a:
    S22PacketMultiBlockChange field_180093_a -> a
    short chunkPosCrammed -> b
    IBlockState blockState -> c
net.minecraft.src.Util -> g:
net.minecraft.src.Util$EnumOS -> g$a:
    Util$EnumOS LINUX -> a
    Util$EnumOS SOLARIS -> b
    Util$EnumOS WINDOWS -> c
    Util$EnumOS OSX -> d
    Util$EnumOS UNKNOWN -> e
    Util$EnumOS[] $VALUES -> f
net.minecraft.src.S32PacketConfirmTransaction -> ga:
    int windowId -> a
    short actionNumber -> b
    boolean field_148893_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.S2EPacketCloseWindow -> gb:
    int windowId -> a
net.minecraft.src.S2DPacketOpenWindow -> gc:
    int windowId -> a
    java.lang.String inventoryType -> b
    IChatComponent windowTitle -> c
    int slotCount -> d
    int entityId -> e
net.minecraft.src.S30PacketWindowItems -> gd:
    int windowId -> a
    ItemStack[] itemStacks -> b
net.minecraft.src.S31PacketWindowProperty -> ge:
    int windowId -> a
    int varIndex -> b
    int varValue -> c
net.minecraft.src.S2FPacketSetSlot -> gf:
    int windowId -> a
    int slot -> b
    ItemStack item -> c
net.minecraft.src.S3FPacketCustomPayload -> gg:
    java.lang.String channel -> a
    PacketBuffer data -> b
net.minecraft.src.S40PacketDisconnect -> gh:
    IChatComponent reason -> a
net.minecraft.src.S19PacketEntityStatus -> gi:
    int entityId -> a
    byte logicOpcode -> b
net.minecraft.src.S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT -> gj:
    int entityId -> a
    NBTTagCompound tagCompound -> b
net.minecraft.src.S27PacketExplosion -> gk:
    double posX -> a
    double posY -> b
    double posZ -> c
    float strength -> d
    java.util.List affectedBlockPositions -> e
    float field_149152_f -> f
    float field_149153_g -> g
    float field_149159_h -> h
net.minecraft.src.S46PacketSetCompressionLevel -> gl:
    int threshold -> a
net.minecraft.src.S2BPacketChangeGameState -> gm:
    java.lang.String[] MESSAGE_NAMES -> a
    int state -> b
    float field_149141_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.S00PacketKeepAlive -> gn:
    int id -> a
net.minecraft.src.S21PacketChunkData -> go:
    int chunkX -> a
    int chunkZ -> b
    S21PacketChunkData$Extracted extractedData -> c
    boolean field_149279_g -> d
net.minecraft.src.S21PacketChunkData$Extracted -> go$a:
    byte[] data -> a
    int dataSize -> b
net.minecraft.src.S26PacketMapChunkBulk -> gp:
    int[] xPositions -> a
    int[] zPositions -> b
    S21PacketChunkData$Extracted[] chunksData -> c
    boolean isOverworld -> d
net.minecraft.src.S28PacketEffect -> gq:
    int soundType -> a
    BlockPos soundPos -> b
    int soundData -> c
    boolean serverWide -> d
net.minecraft.src.S2APacketParticles -> gr:
    EnumParticleTypes particleType -> a
    float xCoord -> b
    float yCoord -> c
    float zCoord -> d
    float xOffset -> e
    float yOffset -> f
    float zOffset -> g
    float particleSpeed -> h
    int particleCount -> i
    boolean longDistance -> j
    int[] particleArguments -> k
net.minecraft.src.S29PacketSoundEffect -> gs:
    java.lang.String soundName -> a
    int posX -> b
    int posY -> c
    int posZ -> d
    float soundVolume -> e
    int soundPitch -> f
net.minecraft.src.S01PacketJoinGame -> gt:
    int entityId -> a
    boolean hardcoreMode -> b
    WorldSettings$GameType gameType -> c
    int dimension -> d
    EnumDifficulty difficulty -> e
    int maxPlayers -> f
    WorldType worldType -> g
    boolean reducedDebugInfo -> h
net.minecraft.src.S34PacketMaps -> gu:
    int mapId -> a
    byte mapScale -> b
    Vec4b[] mapVisiblePlayersVec4b -> c
    int mapMinX -> d
    int mapMinY -> e
    int mapMaxX -> f
    int mapMaxY -> g
    byte[] mapDataBytes -> h
net.minecraft.src.S14PacketEntity -> gv:
    int entityId -> a
    byte posX -> b
    byte posY -> c
    byte posZ -> d
    byte yaw -> e
    byte pitch -> f
    boolean onGround -> g
    boolean field_149069_g -> h
net.minecraft.src.S14PacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove -> gv$a:
net.minecraft.src.S14PacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove -> gv$b:
net.minecraft.src.S14PacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook -> gv$c:
net.minecraft.src.S36PacketSignEditorOpen -> gw:
    BlockPos signPosition -> a
net.minecraft.src.S39PacketPlayerAbilities -> gx:
    boolean invulnerable -> a
    boolean flying -> b
    boolean allowFlying -> c
    boolean creativeMode -> d
    float flySpeed -> e
    float walkSpeed -> f
net.minecraft.src.S42PacketCombatEvent -> gy:
    S42PacketCombatEvent$Event eventType -> a
    int field_179774_b -> b
    int field_179775_c -> c
    int field_179772_d -> d
    java.lang.String deathMessage -> e
net.minecraft.src.S42PacketCombatEvent$1 -> gy$1:
    int[] field_179944_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.S42PacketCombatEvent$Event -> gy$a:
    S42PacketCombatEvent$Event ENTER_COMBAT -> a
    S42PacketCombatEvent$Event END_COMBAT -> b
    S42PacketCombatEvent$Event ENTITY_DIED -> c
    S42PacketCombatEvent$Event[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.S38PacketPlayerListItem -> gz:
    S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action action -> a
    java.util.List players -> b
net.minecraft.src.S38PacketPlayerListItem$1 -> gz$1:
    int[] field_179938_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action -> gz$a:
    S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action ADD_PLAYER -> a
    S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action UPDATE_GAME_MODE -> b
    S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action UPDATE_LATENCY -> c
    S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action UPDATE_DISPLAY_NAME -> d
    S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action REMOVE_PLAYER -> e
    S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action[] $VALUES -> f
net.minecraft.src.S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData -> gz$b:
    S38PacketPlayerListItem field_179968_a -> a
    int ping -> b
    WorldSettings$GameType gamemode -> c
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile profile -> d
    IChatComponent displayName -> e
net.minecraft.src.IAdminCommand -> h:
net.minecraft.src.S0APacketUseBed -> ha:
    int playerID -> a
    BlockPos bedPos -> b
net.minecraft.src.S13PacketDestroyEntities -> hb:
    int[] entityIDs -> a
net.minecraft.src.S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect -> hc:
    int entityId -> a
    int effectId -> b
net.minecraft.src.S48PacketResourcePackSend -> hd:
    java.lang.String url -> a
    java.lang.String hash -> b
net.minecraft.src.S07PacketRespawn -> he:
    int dimensionID -> a
    EnumDifficulty difficulty -> b
    WorldSettings$GameType gameType -> c
    WorldType worldType -> d
net.minecraft.src.S19PacketEntityHeadLook -> hf:
    int entityId -> a
    byte yaw -> b
net.minecraft.src.S44PacketWorldBorder -> hg:
    S44PacketWorldBorder$Action action -> a
    int size -> b
    double centerX -> c
    double centerZ -> d
    double targetSize -> e
    double diameter -> f
    long timeUntilTarget -> g
    int warningTime -> h
    int warningDistance -> i
net.minecraft.src.S44PacketWorldBorder$1 -> hg$1:
    int[] field_179947_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.S44PacketWorldBorder$Action -> hg$a:
    S44PacketWorldBorder$Action SET_SIZE -> a
    S44PacketWorldBorder$Action LERP_SIZE -> b
    S44PacketWorldBorder$Action SET_CENTER -> c
    S44PacketWorldBorder$Action INITIALIZE -> d
    S44PacketWorldBorder$Action SET_WARNING_TIME -> e
    S44PacketWorldBorder$Action SET_WARNING_BLOCKS -> f
    S44PacketWorldBorder$Action[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.S43PacketCamera -> hh:
    int entityId -> a
net.minecraft.src.S09PacketHeldItemChange -> hi:
    int heldItemHotbarIndex -> a
net.minecraft.src.S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard -> hj:
    int position -> a
    java.lang.String scoreName -> b
net.minecraft.src.S1CPacketEntityMetadata -> hk:
    int entityId -> a
    java.util.List field_149378_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.S1BPacketEntityAttach -> hl:
    int leash -> a
    int entityId -> b
    int vehicleEntityId -> c
net.minecraft.src.S12PacketEntityVelocity -> hm:
    int entityID -> a
    int motionX -> b
    int motionY -> c
    int motionZ -> d
net.minecraft.src.S04PacketEntityEquipment -> hn:
    int entityID -> a
    int equipmentSlot -> b
    ItemStack itemStack -> c
net.minecraft.src.S1FPacketSetExperience -> ho:
    float field_149401_a -> a
    int totalExperience -> b
    int level -> c
net.minecraft.src.S06PacketUpdateHealth -> hp:
    float health -> a
    int foodLevel -> b
    float saturationLevel -> c
net.minecraft.src.S3BPacketScoreboardObjective -> hq:
    java.lang.String objectiveName -> a
    java.lang.String objectiveValue -> b
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType type -> c
    int field_149342_c -> d
net.minecraft.src.S3EPacketTeams -> hr:
    java.lang.String name -> a
    java.lang.String displayName -> b
    java.lang.String prefix -> c
    java.lang.String suffix -> d
    java.lang.String nameTagVisibility -> e
    int color -> f
    java.util.Collection players -> g
    int action -> h
    int friendlyFlags -> i
net.minecraft.src.S3CPacketUpdateScore -> hs:
    java.lang.String name -> a
    java.lang.String objective -> b
    int value -> c
    S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action action -> d
net.minecraft.src.S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action -> hs$a:
    S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action CHANGE -> a
    S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action REMOVE -> b
    S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action[] $VALUES -> c
net.minecraft.src.S05PacketSpawnPosition -> ht:
    BlockPos spawnBlockPos -> a
net.minecraft.src.S03PacketTimeUpdate -> hu:
    long totalWorldTime -> a
    long worldTime -> b
net.minecraft.src.S45PacketTitle -> hv:
    S45PacketTitle$Type type -> a
    IChatComponent message -> b
    int fadeInTime -> c
    int displayTime -> d
    int fadeOutTime -> e
net.minecraft.src.S45PacketTitle$Type -> hv$a:
    S45PacketTitle$Type TITLE -> a
    S45PacketTitle$Type SUBTITLE -> b
    S45PacketTitle$Type TIMES -> c
    S45PacketTitle$Type CLEAR -> d
    S45PacketTitle$Type RESET -> e
    S45PacketTitle$Type[] $VALUES -> f
net.minecraft.src.S33PacketUpdateSign -> hw:
    World world -> a
    BlockPos blockPos -> b
    IChatComponent[] lines -> c
net.minecraft.src.S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter -> hx:
    IChatComponent header -> a
    IChatComponent footer -> b
net.minecraft.src.S0DPacketCollectItem -> hy:
    int collectedItemEntityId -> a
    int entityId -> b
net.minecraft.src.S18PacketEntityTeleport -> hz:
    int entityId -> a
    int posX -> b
    int posY -> c
    int posZ -> d
    byte yaw -> e
    byte pitch -> f
    boolean onGround -> g
net.minecraft.src.CommandBase -> i:
    IAdminCommand theAdmin -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandBase$CoordinateArg -> i$a:
    double field_179633_a -> a
    double field_179631_b -> b
    boolean field_179632_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.S20PacketEntityProperties -> ia:
    int entityId -> a
    java.util.List field_149444_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot -> ia$a:
    S20PacketEntityProperties field_151414_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_151412_b -> b
    double field_151413_c -> c
    java.util.Collection field_151411_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.S1DPacketEntityEffect -> ib:
    int entityId -> a
    byte effectId -> b
    byte amplifier -> c
    int duration -> d
    byte hideParticles -> e
net.minecraft.src.INetHandlerPlayServer -> ic:
net.minecraft.src.C14PacketTabComplete -> id:
    java.lang.String message -> a
    BlockPos targetBlock -> b
net.minecraft.src.C01PacketChatMessage -> ie:
    java.lang.String message -> a
net.minecraft.src.C16PacketClientStatus -> ig:
    C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState status -> a
net.minecraft.src.C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState -> ig$a:
    C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState PERFORM_RESPAWN -> a
    C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState REQUEST_STATS -> b
    C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState OPEN_INVENTORY_ACHIEVEMENT -> c
    C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.C15PacketClientSettings -> ih:
    java.lang.String lang -> a
    int view -> b
    EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility chatVisibility -> c
    boolean enableColors -> d
    int modelPartFlags -> e
net.minecraft.src.C0FPacketConfirmTransaction -> ii:
    int windowId -> a
    short uid -> b
    boolean accepted -> c
net.minecraft.src.C11PacketEnchantItem -> ij:
    int windowId -> a
    int button -> b
net.minecraft.src.C0EPacketClickWindow -> ik:
    int windowId -> a
    int slotId -> b
    int usedButton -> c
    short actionNumber -> d
    ItemStack clickedItem -> e
    int mode -> f
net.minecraft.src.C0DPacketCloseWindow -> il:
    int windowId -> a
net.minecraft.src.C17PacketCustomPayload -> im:
    java.lang.String channel -> a
    PacketBuffer data -> b
net.minecraft.src.C02PacketUseEntity -> in:
    int entityId -> a
    C02PacketUseEntity$Action action -> b
    Vec3 hitVec -> c
net.minecraft.src.C02PacketUseEntity$Action -> in$a:
    C02PacketUseEntity$Action INTERACT -> a
    C02PacketUseEntity$Action ATTACK -> b
    C02PacketUseEntity$Action INTERACT_AT -> c
    C02PacketUseEntity$Action[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.C00PacketKeepAlive -> io:
    int key -> a
net.minecraft.src.C03PacketPlayer -> ip:
    double x -> a
    double y -> b
    double z -> c
    float yaw -> d
    float pitch -> e
    boolean onGround -> f
    boolean moving -> g
    boolean rotating -> h
net.minecraft.src.C03PacketPlayer$C04PacketPlayerPosition -> ip$a:
net.minecraft.src.C03PacketPlayer$C06PacketPlayerPosLook -> ip$b:
net.minecraft.src.C03PacketPlayer$C05PacketPlayerLook -> ip$c:
net.minecraft.src.C13PacketPlayerAbilities -> iq:
    boolean invulnerable -> a
    boolean flying -> b
    boolean allowFlying -> c
    boolean creativeMode -> d
    float flySpeed -> e
    float walkSpeed -> f
net.minecraft.src.C07PacketPlayerDigging -> ir:
    BlockPos position -> a
    EnumFacing facing -> b
    C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action status -> c
net.minecraft.src.C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action -> ir$a:
    C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action START_DESTROY_BLOCK -> a
    C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action ABORT_DESTROY_BLOCK -> b
    C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action STOP_DESTROY_BLOCK -> c
    C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action DROP_ALL_ITEMS -> d
    C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action DROP_ITEM -> e
    C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action RELEASE_USE_ITEM -> f
    C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.C0BPacketEntityAction -> is:
    int entityID -> a
    C0BPacketEntityAction$Action action -> b
    int auxData -> c
net.minecraft.src.C0BPacketEntityAction$Action -> is$a:
    C0BPacketEntityAction$Action START_SNEAKING -> a
    C0BPacketEntityAction$Action STOP_SNEAKING -> b
    C0BPacketEntityAction$Action STOP_SLEEPING -> c
    C0BPacketEntityAction$Action START_SPRINTING -> d
    C0BPacketEntityAction$Action STOP_SPRINTING -> e
    C0BPacketEntityAction$Action RIDING_JUMP -> f
    C0BPacketEntityAction$Action OPEN_INVENTORY -> g
    C0BPacketEntityAction$Action[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.C0CPacketInput -> it:
    float strafeSpeed -> a
    float forwardSpeed -> b
    boolean jumping -> c
    boolean sneaking -> d
net.minecraft.src.C19PacketResourcePackStatus -> iu:
    java.lang.String hash -> a
    C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action status -> b
net.minecraft.src.C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action -> iu$a:
    C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action SUCCESSFULLY_LOADED -> a
    C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action DECLINED -> b
    C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action FAILED_DOWNLOAD -> c
    C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action ACCEPTED -> d
    C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action[] $VALUES -> e
net.minecraft.src.C09PacketHeldItemChange -> iv:
    int slotId -> a
net.minecraft.src.C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction -> iw:
    int slotId -> a
    ItemStack stack -> b
net.minecraft.src.C12PacketUpdateSign -> ix:
    BlockPos pos -> a
    IChatComponent[] lines -> b
net.minecraft.src.C0APacketAnimation -> iy:
net.minecraft.src.C18PacketSpectate -> iz:
    java.util.UUID id -> a
net.minecraft.src.CommandHandler -> j:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.Map commandMap -> b
    java.util.Set commandSet -> c
net.minecraft.src.C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement -> ja:
    BlockPos field_179726_a -> a
    BlockPos position -> b
    int placedBlockDirection -> c
    ItemStack stack -> d
    float facingX -> e
    float facingY -> f
    float facingZ -> g
net.minecraft.src.C00Handshake -> jc:
    int protocolVersion -> a
    java.lang.String ip -> b
    int port -> c
    EnumConnectionState requestedState -> d
net.minecraft.src.INetHandlerHandshakeServer -> jd:
net.minecraft.src.INetHandlerLoginClient -> jf:
net.minecraft.src.S02PacketLoginSuccess -> jg:
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile profile -> a
net.minecraft.src.S01PacketEncryptionRequest -> jh:
    java.lang.String hashedServerId -> a
    java.security.PublicKey publicKey -> b
    byte[] verifyToken -> c
net.minecraft.src.S03PacketEnableCompression -> ji:
    int compressionTreshold -> a
net.minecraft.src.S00PacketDisconnect -> jj:
    IChatComponent reason -> a
net.minecraft.src.INetHandlerLoginServer -> jk:
net.minecraft.src.C00PacketLoginStart -> jl:
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile profile -> a
net.minecraft.src.C01PacketEncryptionResponse -> jm:
    byte[] secretKeyEncrypted -> a
    byte[] verifyTokenEncrypted -> b
net.minecraft.src.INetHandlerStatusClient -> jp:
net.minecraft.src.S01PacketPong -> jq:
    long clientTime -> a
net.minecraft.src.S00PacketServerInfo -> jr:
    com.google.gson.Gson GSON -> a
    ServerStatusResponse response -> b
net.minecraft.src.ServerStatusResponse -> js:
    IChatComponent serverMotd -> a
    ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData playerCount -> b
    ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier protocolVersion -> c
    java.lang.String favicon -> d
net.minecraft.src.ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData -> js$a:
    int maxPlayers -> a
    int onlinePlayerCount -> b
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile[] players -> c
net.minecraft.src.ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer -> js$a$a:
net.minecraft.src.ServerStatusResponse$Serializer -> js$b:
net.minecraft.src.ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier -> js$c:
    java.lang.String name -> a
    int protocol -> b
net.minecraft.src.ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer -> js$c$a:
net.minecraft.src.INetHandlerStatusServer -> jt:
net.minecraft.src.C01PacketPing -> ju:
    long clientTime -> a
net.minecraft.src.C00PacketServerQuery -> jv:
net.minecraft.src.ResourceLocation -> jy:
    java.lang.String resourceDomain -> a
    java.lang.String resourcePath -> b
net.minecraft.src.ICommand -> k:
net.minecraft.src.BehaviorProjectileDispense -> ka:
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap -> kb:
    java.io.PrintStream SYSOUT -> a
    boolean alreadyRegistered -> b
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> c
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$1 -> kb$1:
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$10 -> kb$10:
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$11 -> kb$11:
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$12 -> kb$12:
    BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem field_150843_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$12$1 -> kb$12$1:
    ItemStack field_150836_b -> b
    Bootstrap$12 field_150837_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$13 -> kb$13:
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$14 -> kb$14:
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$15 -> kb$15:
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$16 -> kb$16:
    BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem field_150842_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$2 -> kb$2:
    BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem field_150841_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$3 -> kb$3:
    BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem field_150840_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$4 -> kb$4:
    boolean field_150839_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$5 -> kb$5:
    boolean field_150838_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$6 -> kb$6:
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$7 -> kb$7:
    boolean field_179240_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$8 -> kb$8:
    boolean field_179241_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.Bootstrap$9 -> kb$9:
net.minecraft.src.JsonException -> kc:
    java.util.List field_151383_a -> a
    java.lang.String exceptionMessage -> b
net.minecraft.src.JsonException$1 -> kc$1:
net.minecraft.src.JsonException$Entry -> kc$a:
    java.lang.String field_151376_a -> a
    java.util.List field_151375_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ServerCommand -> kd:
net.minecraft.src.ServerEula -> kf:
net.minecraft.src.LoggingPrintStream -> kg:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
    java.lang.String domain -> b
net.minecraft.src.ThreadQuickExitException -> ki:
    ThreadQuickExitException INSTANCE -> a
net.minecraft.src.IServer -> kj:
net.minecraft.src.ServerScoreboard -> kk:
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer scoreboardMCServer -> a
    java.util.Set field_96553_b -> b
    ScoreboardSaveData scoreboardSaveData -> c
net.minecraft.src.PropertyManager -> kl:
net.minecraft.src.ITickable -> km:
net.minecraft.src.DedicatedPlayerList -> kn:
net.minecraft.src.DedicatedServer -> ko:
net.minecraft.src.DedicatedServer$1 -> ko$1:
net.minecraft.src.DedicatedServer$2 -> ko$2:
net.minecraft.src.DedicatedServer$3 -> ko$3:
net.minecraft.src.DedicatedServer$4 -> ko$4:
net.minecraft.src.ServerHangWatchdog -> kp:
net.minecraft.src.ServerHangWatchdog$1 -> kp$1:
net.minecraft.src.MinecraftServerGui -> kr:
net.minecraft.src.MinecraftServerGui$1 -> kr$1:
net.minecraft.src.MinecraftServerGui$2 -> kr$2:
net.minecraft.src.MinecraftServerGui$3 -> kr$3:
net.minecraft.src.MinecraftServerGui$4 -> kr$4:
net.minecraft.src.MinecraftServerGui$5 -> kr$5:
net.minecraft.src.PlayerListComponent -> ks:
net.minecraft.src.StatsComponent -> kt:
net.minecraft.src.StatsComponent$1 -> kt$1:
net.minecraft.src.DestroyBlockProgress -> kw:
    int miningPlayerEntId -> a
    BlockPos position -> b
    int partialBlockProgress -> c
    int createdAtCloudUpdateTick -> d
net.minecraft.src.DemoWorldServer -> kx:
    long demoWorldSeed -> I
    WorldSettings demoWorldSettings -> a
net.minecraft.src.DemoWorldManager -> ky:
    boolean field_73105_c -> c
    boolean demoTimeExpired -> d
    int field_73104_e -> e
    int field_73102_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.WorldServerMulti -> kz:
    WorldServer delegate -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldServerMulti$1 -> kz$1:
    WorldServerMulti field_177698_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ICommandManager -> l:
net.minecraft.src.EntityTracker -> la:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    WorldServer theWorld -> b
    java.util.Set trackedEntities -> c
    IntHashMap trackedEntityHashTable -> d
    int maxTrackingDistanceThreshold -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityTracker$1 -> la$1:
    int field_96570_a -> a
    EntityTracker field_96569_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.WorldManager -> lb:
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer mcServer -> a
    WorldServer theWorldServer -> b
net.minecraft.src.PlayerManager -> lc:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger pmLogger -> a
    WorldServer theWorldServer -> b
    java.util.List players -> c
    LongHashMap playerInstances -> d
    java.util.List playerInstancesToUpdate -> e
    java.util.List playerInstanceList -> f
    int playerViewRadius -> g
    long previousTotalWorldTime -> h
    int[][] xzDirectionsConst -> i
net.minecraft.src.PlayerManager$PlayerInstance -> lc$a:
    PlayerManager field_73265_a -> a
    java.util.List playersWatchingChunk -> b
    ChunkCoordIntPair chunkCoords -> c
    short[] locationOfBlockChange -> d
    int numBlocksToUpdate -> e
    int flagsYAreasToUpdate -> f
    long previousWorldTime -> g
net.minecraft.src.ChunkProviderServer -> ld:
    boolean chunkLoadOverride -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    java.util.Set droppedChunksSet -> c
    Chunk dummyChunk -> d
    IChunkProvider serverChunkGenerator -> e
    IChunkLoader chunkLoader -> f
    LongHashMap id2ChunkMap -> g
    java.util.List loadedChunks -> h
    WorldServer worldObj -> i
net.minecraft.src.WorldServer -> le:
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer mcServer -> I
    EntityTracker theEntityTracker -> J
    PlayerManager thePlayerManager -> K
    java.util.Set pendingTickListEntriesHashSet -> L
    java.util.TreeSet pendingTickListEntriesTreeSet -> M
    java.util.Map entitiesByUuid -> N
    boolean allPlayersSleeping -> O
    int updateEntityTick -> P
    Teleporter worldTeleporter -> Q
    SpawnerAnimals mobSpawner -> R
    WorldServer$ServerBlockEventList[] blockEventQueue -> S
    int blockEventCacheIndex -> T
    java.util.List bonusChestContent -> U
    java.util.List pendingTickListEntriesThisTick -> V
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    ChunkProviderServer theChunkProviderServer -> b
    boolean disableLevelSaving -> c
    VillageSiege villageSiege -> d
net.minecraft.src.WorldServer$1 -> le$1:
    WorldServer field_180243_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WorldServer$ServerBlockEventList -> le$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityPlayerMP -> lf:
    NetHandlerPlayServer playerNetServerHandler -> a
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer mcServer -> b
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> bH
    java.lang.String translator -> bI
    java.util.List destroyedItemsNetCache -> bJ
    StatisticsFile statsFile -> bK
    float combinedHealth -> bL
    float lastHealth -> bM
    int lastFoodLevel -> bN
    boolean wasHungry -> bO
    int lastExperience -> bP
    int respawnInvulnerabilityTicks -> bQ
    EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility chatVisibility -> bR
    boolean chatColours -> bS
    long playerLastActiveTime -> bT
    Entity spectatingEntity -> bU
    int currentWindowId -> bV
    ItemInWorldManager theItemInWorldManager -> c
    double managedPosX -> d
    double managedPosZ -> e
    java.util.List loadedChunks -> f
    boolean isChangingQuantityOnly -> g
    int ping -> h
    boolean playerConqueredTheEnd -> i
net.minecraft.src.ItemInWorldManager -> lg:
    World theWorld -> a
    EntityPlayerMP thisPlayerMP -> b
    WorldSettings$GameType gameType -> c
    boolean isDestroyingBlock -> d
    int initialDamage -> e
    BlockPos field_180240_f -> f
    int curblockDamage -> g
    boolean receivedFinishDiggingPacket -> h
    BlockPos field_180241_i -> i
    int initialBlockDamage -> j
    int durabilityRemainingOnBlock -> k
net.minecraft.src.EntityTrackerEntry -> lh:
    Entity trackedEntity -> a
    int trackingDistanceThreshold -> b
    int updateFrequency -> c
    int encodedPosX -> d
    int encodedPosY -> e
    int encodedPosZ -> f
    int encodedRotationYaw -> g
    int encodedRotationPitch -> h
    int lastHeadMotion -> i
    double lastTrackedEntityMotionX -> j
    double lastTrackedEntityMotionY -> k
    double motionZ -> l
    int updateCounter -> m
    boolean playerEntitiesUpdated -> n
    java.util.Set trackingPlayers -> o
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> p
    double lastTrackedEntityPosX -> q
    double lastTrackedEntityPosY -> r
    double lastTrackedEntityPosZ -> s
    boolean firstUpdateDone -> t
    boolean sendVelocityUpdates -> u
    int ticksSinceLastForcedTeleport -> v
    Entity field_85178_v -> w
    boolean ridingEntity -> x
    boolean onGround -> y
net.minecraft.src.PingResponseHandler -> lj:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    NetworkSystem networkSystem -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerHandshakeMemory -> lk:
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer mcServer -> a
    NetworkManager networkManager -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetworkSystem -> ll:
    LazyLoadBase eventLoops -> a
    LazyLoadBase SERVER_EPOLL_EVENTLOOP -> b
    LazyLoadBase SERVER_LOCAL_EVENTLOOP -> c
    boolean isAlive -> d
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> e
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer mcServer -> f
    java.util.List endpoints -> g
    java.util.List networkManagers -> h
net.minecraft.src.NetworkSystem$1 -> ll$1:
net.minecraft.src.NetworkSystem$2 -> ll$2:
net.minecraft.src.NetworkSystem$3 -> ll$3:
net.minecraft.src.NetworkSystem$4 -> ll$4:
    NetworkSystem field_151283_c -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetworkSystem$5 -> ll$5:
    NetworkSystem field_180230_b -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetworkSystem$6 -> ll$6:
    NetworkManager field_151284_a -> a
    NetworkSystem field_180228_c -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetworkSystem$7 -> ll$7:
    NetworkManager field_181143_a -> a
    ChatComponentText field_181144_b -> b
    NetworkSystem field_181145_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayServer -> lm:
    NetworkManager netManager -> a
    EntityPlayerMP playerEntity -> b
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> c
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer serverController -> d
    int networkTickCount -> e
    int field_175090_f -> f
    int floatingTickCount -> g
    boolean field_147366_g -> h
    int field_147378_h -> i
    long lastPingTime -> j
    long lastSentPingPacket -> k
    int chatSpamThresholdCount -> l
    int itemDropThreshold -> m
    IntHashMap field_147372_n -> n
    double lastPosX -> o
    double lastPosY -> p
    double lastPosZ -> q
    boolean hasMoved -> r
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayServer$1 -> lm$1:
    ChatComponentText field_151289_a -> a
    NetHandlerPlayServer field_151288_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayServer$2 -> lm$2:
    NetHandlerPlayServer field_151286_b -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayServer$3 -> lm$3:
    Packet field_180227_a -> a
    NetHandlerPlayServer field_180226_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerPlayServer$4 -> lm$4:
    int[] field_180224_a -> a
    int[] field_180222_b -> b
    int[] field_180223_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerHandshakeTCP -> ln:
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer server -> a
    NetworkManager networkManager -> b
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerHandshakeTCP$1 -> ln$1:
    int[] field_151291_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerLoginServer -> lo:
    NetworkManager networkManager -> a
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger AUTHENTICATOR_THREAD_ID -> b
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> c
    java.util.Random RANDOM -> d
    byte[] verifyToken -> e
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer server -> f
    NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState currentLoginState -> g
    int connectionTimer -> h
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile loginGameProfile -> i
    java.lang.String serverId -> j
    javax.crypto.SecretKey secretKey -> k
    EntityPlayerMP player -> l
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerLoginServer$1 -> lo$1:
    NetHandlerLoginServer field_151292_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerLoginServer$2 -> lo$2:
    NetHandlerLoginServer field_180221_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState -> lo$a:
    NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState HELLO -> a
    NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState KEY -> b
    NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState AUTHENTICATING -> c
    NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState READY_TO_ACCEPT -> d
    NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState DELAY_ACCEPT -> e
    NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState ACCEPTED -> f
    NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.NetHandlerStatusServer -> lp:
    IChatComponent EXIT_MESSAGE -> a
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer server -> b
    NetworkManager networkManager -> c
    boolean handled -> d
net.minecraft.src.BanEntry -> ls:
    java.text.SimpleDateFormat dateFormat -> a
    java.util.Date banStartDate -> b
    java.lang.String bannedBy -> c
    java.util.Date banEndDate -> d
    java.lang.String reason -> e
net.minecraft.src.PlayerProfileCache -> lt:
    java.text.SimpleDateFormat dateFormat -> a
    com.google.gson.Gson gson -> b
    java.util.Map usernameToProfileEntryMap -> c
    java.util.Map uuidToProfileEntryMap -> d
    java.util.LinkedList gameProfiles -> e
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer mcServer -> f
    java.io.File usercacheFile -> g
    java.lang.reflect.ParameterizedType TYPE -> h
net.minecraft.src.PlayerProfileCache$1 -> lt$1:
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile[] field_152667_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.PlayerProfileCache$2 -> lt$2:
net.minecraft.src.PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry -> lt$a:
    PlayerProfileCache field_152671_a -> a
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile gameProfile -> b
    java.util.Date expirationDate -> c
net.minecraft.src.PlayerProfileCache$Serializer -> lt$b:
    PlayerProfileCache field_152677_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.BanList -> lu:
net.minecraft.src.IPBanEntry -> lv:
net.minecraft.src.PreYggdrasilConverter -> lw:
    java.io.File OLD_IPBAN_FILE -> a
    java.io.File OLD_PLAYERBAN_FILE -> b
    java.io.File OLD_OPS_FILE -> c
    java.io.File OLD_WHITELIST_FILE -> d
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> e
net.minecraft.src.PreYggdrasilConverter$1 -> lw$1:
net.minecraft.src.PreYggdrasilConverter$2 -> lw$2:
net.minecraft.src.PreYggdrasilConverter$3 -> lw$3:
net.minecraft.src.PreYggdrasilConverter$4 -> lw$4:
net.minecraft.src.PreYggdrasilConverter$5 -> lw$5:
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer field_152741_a -> a
    java.util.List field_152742_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.PreYggdrasilConverter$6 -> lw$6:
net.minecraft.src.PreYggdrasilConverter$ConversionError -> lw$a:
net.minecraft.src.ServerConfigurationManager -> lx:
    java.io.File FILE_PLAYERBANS -> a
    java.io.File FILE_IPBANS -> b
    java.io.File FILE_OPS -> c
    java.io.File FILE_WHITELIST -> d
    int maxPlayers -> e
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> f
    java.text.SimpleDateFormat dateFormat -> g
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer mcServer -> h
    java.util.List playerEntityList -> i
    java.util.Map uuidToPlayerMap -> j
    UserListBans bannedPlayers -> k
    BanList bannedIPs -> l
    UserListOps ops -> m
    UserListWhitelist whiteListedPlayers -> n
    java.util.Map playerStatFiles -> o
    IPlayerFileData playerNBTManagerObj -> p
    boolean whiteListEnforced -> q
    int viewDistance -> r
    WorldSettings$GameType gameType -> s
    boolean commandsAllowedForAll -> t
    int playerPingIndex -> u
net.minecraft.src.ServerConfigurationManager$1 -> lx$1:
    ServerConfigurationManager field_177697_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.UserListOps -> ly:
net.minecraft.src.UserListOpsEntry -> lz:
    int permissionLevel -> a
    boolean bypassesPlayerLimit -> b
net.minecraft.src.ICommandSender -> m:
net.minecraft.src.UserListEntry -> ma:
    java.lang.Object value -> a
net.minecraft.src.UserList -> mb:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    com.google.gson.Gson gson -> b
    java.io.File saveFile -> c
    java.util.Map values -> d
    boolean lanServer -> e
    java.lang.reflect.ParameterizedType saveFileFormat -> f
net.minecraft.src.UserList$1 -> mb$1:
net.minecraft.src.UserList$Serializer -> mb$a:
    UserList field_152752_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.UserListBans -> mc:
net.minecraft.src.UserListBansEntry -> md:
net.minecraft.src.UserListWhitelist -> me:
net.minecraft.src.UserListWhitelistEntry -> mf:
net.minecraft.src.RConOutputStream -> mh:
net.minecraft.src.RConUtils -> mi:
net.minecraft.src.RConConsoleSource -> mj:
    RConConsoleSource instance -> a
    java.lang.StringBuffer buffer -> b
net.minecraft.src.RConThreadBase -> ml:
net.minecraft.src.RConThreadQuery -> mm:
net.minecraft.src.RConThreadQuery$Auth -> mm$a:
net.minecraft.src.RConThreadClient -> mn:
net.minecraft.src.RConThreadMain -> mo:
net.minecraft.src.Achievement -> mq:
    int displayColumn -> a
    int displayRow -> b
    Achievement parentAchievement -> c
    ItemStack theItemStack -> d
    java.lang.String achievementDescription -> k
    IStatStringFormat statStringFormatter -> l
    boolean isSpecial -> m
net.minecraft.src.AchievementList -> mr:
    Achievement blazeRod -> A
    Achievement potion -> B
    Achievement theEnd -> C
    Achievement theEnd2 -> D
    Achievement enchantments -> E
    Achievement overkill -> F
    Achievement bookcase -> G
    Achievement breedCow -> H
    Achievement spawnWither -> I
    Achievement killWither -> J
    Achievement fullBeacon -> K
    Achievement exploreAllBiomes -> L
    Achievement overpowered -> M
    int minDisplayColumn -> a
    int minDisplayRow -> b
    int maxDisplayColumn -> c
    int maxDisplayRow -> d
    java.util.List achievementList -> e
    Achievement openInventory -> f
    Achievement mineWood -> g
    Achievement buildWorkBench -> h
    Achievement buildPickaxe -> i
    Achievement buildFurnace -> j
    Achievement acquireIron -> k
    Achievement buildHoe -> l
    Achievement makeBread -> m
    Achievement bakeCake -> n
    Achievement buildBetterPickaxe -> o
    Achievement cookFish -> p
    Achievement onARail -> q
    Achievement buildSword -> r
    Achievement killEnemy -> s
    Achievement killCow -> t
    Achievement flyPig -> u
    Achievement snipeSkeleton -> v
    Achievement diamonds -> w
    Achievement diamondsToYou -> x
    Achievement portal -> y
    Achievement ghast -> z
net.minecraft.src.IStatStringFormat -> ms:
net.minecraft.src.StatBasic -> mt:
net.minecraft.src.StatCrafting -> mu:
    Item field_150960_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.StatisticsFile -> mv:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer mcServer -> c
    java.io.File statsFile -> d
    java.util.Set field_150888_e -> e
    int field_150885_f -> f
    boolean field_150886_g -> g
net.minecraft.src.StatBase -> mw:
    IChatComponent statName -> a
    IStatType type -> b
    IScoreObjectiveCriteria objectiveCriteria -> c
    java.lang.Class field_150956_d -> d
    java.lang.String statId -> e
    boolean isIndependent -> f
    IStatType simpleStatType -> g
    IStatType timeStatType -> h
    IStatType distanceStatType -> i
    IStatType field_111202_k -> j
    java.text.NumberFormat numberFormat -> k
    java.text.DecimalFormat decimalFormat -> l
net.minecraft.src.StatBase$1 -> mw$1:
net.minecraft.src.StatBase$2 -> mw$2:
net.minecraft.src.StatBase$3 -> mw$3:
net.minecraft.src.StatBase$4 -> mw$4:
net.minecraft.src.IStatType -> mx:
net.minecraft.src.TupleIntJsonSerializable -> my:
    int integerValue -> a
    IJsonSerializable jsonSerializableValue -> b
net.minecraft.src.IJsonSerializable -> mz:
net.minecraft.src.CommandResultStats -> n:
    int NUM_RESULT_TYPES -> a
    java.lang.String[] STRING_RESULT_TYPES -> b
    java.lang.String[] entitiesID -> c
    java.lang.String[] objectives -> d
net.minecraft.src.CommandResultStats$1 -> n$1:
    ICommandSender field_181547_a -> a
    CommandResultStats field_181548_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.CommandResultStats$Type -> n$a:
    CommandResultStats$Type SUCCESS_COUNT -> a
    CommandResultStats$Type AFFECTED_BLOCKS -> b
    CommandResultStats$Type AFFECTED_ENTITIES -> c
    CommandResultStats$Type AFFECTED_ITEMS -> d
    CommandResultStats$Type QUERY_RESULT -> e
    int typeID -> f
    java.lang.String typeName -> g
    CommandResultStats$Type[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.StatList -> na:
    StatBase animalsBredStat -> A
    StatBase playerKillsStat -> B
    StatBase fishCaughtStat -> C
    StatBase junkFishedStat -> D
    StatBase treasureFishedStat -> E
    StatBase timesTalkedToVillagerStat -> F
    StatBase timesTradedWithVillagerStat -> G
    StatBase field_181724_H -> H
    StatBase field_181725_I -> I
    StatBase field_181726_J -> J
    StatBase field_181727_K -> K
    StatBase field_181728_L -> L
    StatBase field_181729_M -> M
    StatBase field_181730_N -> N
    StatBase field_181731_O -> O
    StatBase field_181732_P -> P
    StatBase field_181733_Q -> Q
    StatBase field_181734_R -> R
    StatBase field_181735_S -> S
    StatBase field_181736_T -> T
    StatBase field_181737_U -> U
    StatBase field_181738_V -> V
    StatBase field_181739_W -> W
    StatBase field_181740_X -> X
    StatBase field_181741_Y -> Y
    StatBase field_181742_Z -> Z
    java.util.Map oneShotStats -> a
    StatBase field_181723_aa -> aa
    StatBase[] mineBlockStatArray -> ab
    StatBase[] objectCraftStats -> ac
    StatBase[] objectUseStats -> ad
    StatBase[] objectBreakStats -> ae
    java.util.List allStats -> b
    java.util.List generalStats -> c
    java.util.List itemStats -> d
    java.util.List objectMineStats -> e
    StatBase leaveGameStat -> f
    StatBase minutesPlayedStat -> g
    StatBase timeSinceDeathStat -> h
    StatBase distanceWalkedStat -> i
    StatBase distanceCrouchedStat -> j
    StatBase distanceSprintedStat -> k
    StatBase distanceSwumStat -> l
    StatBase distanceFallenStat -> m
    StatBase distanceClimbedStat -> n
    StatBase distanceFlownStat -> o
    StatBase distanceDoveStat -> p
    StatBase distanceByMinecartStat -> q
    StatBase distanceByBoatStat -> r
    StatBase distanceByPigStat -> s
    StatBase distanceByHorseStat -> t
    StatBase jumpStat -> u
    StatBase dropStat -> v
    StatBase damageDealtStat -> w
    StatBase damageTakenStat -> x
    StatBase deathsStat -> y
    StatBase mobKillsStat -> z
net.minecraft.src.StatFileWriter -> nb:
    java.util.Map statsData -> a
net.minecraft.src.JsonSerializableSet -> nc:
    java.util.Set underlyingSet -> a
net.minecraft.src.ClassInheritanceMultiMap -> ne:
    java.util.Set field_181158_a -> a
    java.util.Map map -> b
    java.util.Set knownKeys -> c
    java.lang.Class baseClass -> d
    java.util.List values -> e
net.minecraft.src.ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1 -> ne$1:
    java.lang.Class field_180211_a -> a
    ClassInheritanceMultiMap field_180210_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.CryptManager -> ng:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
net.minecraft.src.FrameTimer -> nh:
    long[] frames -> a
    int lastIndex -> b
    int counter -> c
    int index -> d
net.minecraft.src.JsonUtils -> ni:
net.minecraft.src.HttpUtil -> nj:
    com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListeningExecutorService field_180193_a -> a
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger downloadThreadsStarted -> b
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> c
net.minecraft.src.HttpUtil$1 -> nj$1:
    IProgressUpdate field_151199_a -> a
    java.lang.String field_151197_b -> b
    java.net.Proxy field_151198_c -> c
    java.util.Map field_151195_d -> d
    java.io.File field_151196_e -> e
    int field_151194_g -> f
net.minecraft.src.LowerStringMap -> nk:
    java.util.Map internalMap -> a
net.minecraft.src.IntegerCache -> nl:
    java.lang.Integer[] CACHE -> a
net.minecraft.src.IntHashMap -> nm:
    IntHashMap$Entry[] slots -> a
    int count -> b
    int threshold -> c
    float growFactor -> d
net.minecraft.src.IntHashMap$Entry -> nm$a:
    int hashEntry -> a
    java.lang.Object valueEntry -> b
    IntHashMap$Entry nextEntry -> c
    int slotHash -> d
net.minecraft.src.LazyLoadBase -> no:
    java.lang.Object value -> a
    boolean isLoaded -> b
net.minecraft.src.ThreadSafeBoundList -> np:
    java.lang.Object[] field_152759_a -> a
    java.lang.Class field_152760_b -> b
    java.util.concurrent.locks.ReadWriteLock field_152761_c -> c
    int field_152762_d -> d
    int field_152763_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.LongHashMap -> nq:
    LongHashMap$Entry[] hashArray -> a
    int numHashElements -> b
    int mask -> c
    int capacity -> d
    float percentUseable -> e
    int modCount -> f
net.minecraft.src.LongHashMap$Entry -> nq$a:
    long key -> a
    java.lang.Object value -> b
    LongHashMap$Entry nextEntry -> c
    int hash -> d
net.minecraft.src.EnumTypeAdapterFactory -> nr:
net.minecraft.src.EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1 -> nr$1:
    java.util.Map field_151231_a -> a
    EnumTypeAdapterFactory field_151230_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.MathHelper -> ns:
    float SQRT_2 -> a
    float[] SIN_TABLE -> b
    int[] multiplyDeBruijnBitPosition -> c
    double field_181163_d -> d
    double[] field_181164_e -> e
    double[] field_181165_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.Profiler -> nt:
    boolean profilingEnabled -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    java.util.List sectionList -> c
    java.util.List timestampList -> d
    java.lang.String profilingSection -> e
    java.util.Map profilingMap -> f
net.minecraft.src.Profiler$Result -> nt$a:
    double field_76332_a -> a
    double field_76330_b -> b
    java.lang.String field_76331_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.IProgressUpdate -> nu:
net.minecraft.src.MouseFilter -> nv:
    float field_76336_a -> a
    float field_76334_b -> b
    float field_76335_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.IStringSerializable -> nw:
net.minecraft.src.StringUtils -> nx:
    java.util.regex.Pattern patternControlCode -> a
net.minecraft.src.Tuple -> nz:
    java.lang.Object a -> a
    java.lang.Object b -> b
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector -> o:
    java.util.regex.Pattern tokenPattern -> a
    java.util.regex.Pattern intListPattern -> b
    java.util.regex.Pattern keyValueListPattern -> c
    java.util.Set WORLD_BINDING_ARGS -> d
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$1 -> o$1:
    java.lang.String field_179615_a -> a
    boolean field_179614_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$10 -> o$10:
    java.lang.String field_179602_a -> a
    boolean field_179601_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$11 -> o$11:
    BlockPos field_179599_a -> a
    int field_179597_b -> b
    int field_179598_c -> c
    int field_179595_d -> d
    int field_179596_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$12 -> o$12:
    int field_179593_a -> a
    int field_179592_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$2 -> o$2:
    int field_179618_a -> a
    int field_179617_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$3 -> o$3:
    AxisAlignedBB field_179610_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$4 -> o$4:
    BlockPos field_179612_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$5 -> o$5:
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$6 -> o$6:
    int field_179627_a -> a
    int field_179626_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$7 -> o$7:
    int field_179620_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$8 -> o$8:
    java.lang.String field_179623_a -> a
    boolean field_179622_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.PlayerSelector$9 -> o$9:
    java.util.Map field_179604_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.WeightedRandom -> oa:
net.minecraft.src.WeightedRandom$Item -> oa$a:
    int itemWeight -> a
net.minecraft.src.WeightedRandomChestContent -> ob:
    ItemStack theItemId -> b
    int minStackSize -> c
    int maxStackSize -> d
net.minecraft.src.IThreadListener -> od:
net.minecraft.src.InventoryLargeChest -> of:
    java.lang.String name -> a
    ILockableContainer upperChest -> b
    ILockableContainer lowerChest -> c
net.minecraft.src.IInventory -> og:
net.minecraft.src.IInvBasic -> oh:
net.minecraft.src.InventoryHelper -> oi:
    java.util.Random RANDOM -> a
net.minecraft.src.EnumDifficulty -> oj:
    EnumDifficulty PEACEFUL -> a
    EnumDifficulty EASY -> b
    EnumDifficulty NORMAL -> c
    EnumDifficulty HARD -> d
    EnumDifficulty[] difficultyEnums -> e
    int difficultyId -> f
    java.lang.String difficultyResourceKey -> g
    EnumDifficulty[] $VALUES -> h
net.minecraft.src.DifficultyInstance -> ok:
    EnumDifficulty worldDifficulty -> a
    float additionalDifficulty -> b
net.minecraft.src.IInteractionObject -> ol:
net.minecraft.src.LockCode -> on:
    LockCode EMPTY_CODE -> a
    java.lang.String lock -> b
net.minecraft.src.ILockableContainer -> oo:
net.minecraft.src.IWorldNameable -> op:
net.minecraft.src.InventoryBasic -> oq:
    java.lang.String inventoryTitle -> a
    int slotsCount -> b
    ItemStack[] inventoryContents -> c
    java.util.List changeListeners -> d
    boolean hasCustomName -> e
net.minecraft.src.PlayerUsageSnooper -> or:
    java.util.Map snooperStats -> a
    java.util.Map clientStats -> b
    java.lang.String uniqueID -> c
    java.net.URL serverUrl -> d
    IPlayerUsage playerStatsCollector -> e
    java.util.Timer threadTrigger -> f
    java.lang.Object syncLock -> g
    long minecraftStartTimeMilis -> h
    boolean isRunning -> i
    int selfCounter -> j
net.minecraft.src.PlayerUsageSnooper$1 -> or$1:
    PlayerUsageSnooper field_76344_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.IPlayerUsage -> os:
net.minecraft.src.ISidedInventory -> ot:
net.minecraft.src.CombatEntry -> ou:
    DamageSource damageSrc -> a
    int field_94567_b -> b
    float damage -> c
    float health -> d
    java.lang.String field_94566_e -> e
    float fallDistance -> f
net.minecraft.src.CombatTracker -> ov:
    java.util.List combatEntries -> a
    EntityLivingBase fighter -> b
    int field_94555_c -> c
    int field_152775_d -> d
    int field_152776_e -> e
    boolean field_94552_d -> f
    boolean field_94553_e -> g
    java.lang.String field_94551_f -> h
net.minecraft.src.DamageSource -> ow:
    DamageSource inFire -> a
    DamageSource lightningBolt -> b
    DamageSource onFire -> c
    DamageSource lava -> d
    DamageSource inWall -> e
    DamageSource drown -> f
    DamageSource starve -> g
    DamageSource cactus -> h
    DamageSource fall -> i
    DamageSource outOfWorld -> j
    DamageSource generic -> k
    DamageSource magic -> l
    DamageSource wither -> m
    DamageSource anvil -> n
    DamageSource fallingBlock -> o
    java.lang.String damageType -> p
    boolean isUnblockable -> q
    boolean isDamageAllowedInCreativeMode -> r
    boolean damageIsAbsolute -> s
    float hungerDamage -> t
    boolean fireDamage -> u
    boolean projectile -> v
    boolean difficultyScaled -> w
    boolean magicDamage -> x
    boolean explosion -> y
net.minecraft.src.EntityDamageSource -> ox:
    Entity damageSourceEntity -> q
    boolean isThornsDamage -> r
net.minecraft.src.EntityDamageSourceIndirect -> oy:
    Entity indirectEntity -> r
net.minecraft.src.CommandAchievement -> p:
net.minecraft.src.CommandAchievement$1 -> p$1:
    EntityPlayerMP field_179608_a -> a
    StatBase field_179606_b -> b
    CommandAchievement field_179607_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.PotionAbsorption -> pa:
net.minecraft.src.PotionAttackDamage -> pb:
net.minecraft.src.PotionHealthBoost -> pc:
net.minecraft.src.PotionHealth -> pd:
net.minecraft.src.Potion -> pe:
    Potion field_180147_A -> A
    Potion field_180148_B -> B
    Potion field_180149_C -> C
    Potion field_180143_D -> D
    Potion field_180144_E -> E
    Potion field_180145_F -> F
    Potion field_180146_G -> G
    int id -> H
    java.util.Map field_180150_I -> I
    java.util.Map attributeModifierMap -> J
    boolean isBadEffect -> K
    int liquidColor -> L
    java.lang.String name -> M
    int statusIconIndex -> N
    double effectiveness -> O
    boolean usable -> P
    Potion[] potionTypes -> a
    Potion field_180151_b -> b
    Potion moveSpeed -> c
    Potion moveSlowdown -> d
    Potion digSpeed -> e
    Potion digSlowdown -> f
    Potion damageBoost -> g
    Potion heal -> h
    Potion harm -> i
    Potion jump -> j
    Potion confusion -> k
    Potion regeneration -> l
    Potion resistance -> m
    Potion fireResistance -> n
    Potion waterBreathing -> o
    Potion invisibility -> p
    Potion blindness -> q
    Potion nightVision -> r
    Potion hunger -> s
    Potion weakness -> t
    Potion poison -> u
    Potion wither -> v
    Potion healthBoost -> w
    Potion absorption -> x
    Potion saturation -> y
    Potion field_180153_z -> z
net.minecraft.src.PotionEffect -> pf:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
    int potionID -> b
    int duration -> c
    int amplifier -> d
    boolean isSplashPotion -> e
    boolean isAmbient -> f
    boolean isPotionDurationMax -> g
    boolean showParticles -> h
net.minecraft.src.EntityAgeable -> ph:
    int growingAge -> a
    int field_175502_b -> b
    float ageWidth -> bm
    float ageHeight -> bn
    int field_175503_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.IAnimals -> pi:
net.minecraft.src.Entity -> pk:
    float prevRotationYaw -> A
    float prevRotationPitch -> B
    boolean onGround -> C
    boolean isCollidedHorizontally -> D
    boolean isCollidedVertically -> E
    boolean isCollided -> F
    boolean velocityChanged -> G
    boolean isInWeb -> H
    boolean isDead -> I
    float width -> J
    float height -> K
    float prevDistanceWalkedModified -> L
    float distanceWalkedModified -> M
    float distanceWalkedOnStepModified -> N
    float fallDistance -> O
    double lastTickPosX -> P
    double lastTickPosY -> Q
    double lastTickPosZ -> R
    float stepHeight -> S
    boolean noClip -> T
    float entityCollisionReduction -> U
    java.util.Random rand -> V
    int ticksExisted -> W
    int fireResistance -> X
    boolean inWater -> Y
    int hurtResistantTime -> Z
    AxisAlignedBB ZERO_AABB -> a
    boolean firstUpdate -> aa
    boolean isImmuneToFire -> ab
    DataWatcher dataWatcher -> ac
    boolean addedToChunk -> ad
    int chunkCoordX -> ae
    int chunkCoordY -> af
    int chunkCoordZ -> ag
    boolean ignoreFrustumCheck -> ah
    boolean isAirBorne -> ai
    int timeUntilPortal -> aj
    boolean inPortal -> ak
    int portalCounter -> al
    int dimension -> am
    BlockPos lastPortalPos -> an
    Vec3 lastPortalVec -> ao
    EnumFacing teleportDirection -> ap
    java.util.UUID entityUniqueID -> aq
    double entityRiderPitchDelta -> ar
    double entityRiderYawDelta -> as
    boolean invulnerable -> at
    CommandResultStats cmdResultStats -> au
    int nextEntityID -> b
    int serverPosX -> bW
    int serverPosY -> bX
    int serverPosZ -> bY
    int entityId -> c
    AxisAlignedBB boundingBox -> f
    boolean isOutsideBorder -> g
    int nextStepDistance -> h
    int fire -> i
    double renderDistanceWeight -> j
    boolean preventEntitySpawning -> k
    Entity riddenByEntity -> l
    Entity ridingEntity -> m
    boolean forceSpawn -> n
    World worldObj -> o
    double prevPosX -> p
    double prevPosY -> q
    double prevPosZ -> r
    double posX -> s
    double posY -> t
    double posZ -> u
    double motionX -> v
    double motionY -> w
    double motionZ -> x
    float rotationYaw -> y
    float rotationPitch -> z
net.minecraft.src.Entity$1 -> pk$1:
    Entity field_85155_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Entity$2 -> pk$2:
    Entity field_96564_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Entity$3 -> pk$3:
    Entity field_180119_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Entity$4 -> pk$4:
    Entity field_180117_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityList -> pm:
    java.util.Map entityEggs -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    java.util.Map stringToClassMapping -> c
    java.util.Map classToStringMapping -> d
    java.util.Map idToClassMapping -> e
    java.util.Map classToIDMapping -> f
    java.util.Map stringToIDMapping -> g
net.minecraft.src.EntityList$EntityEggInfo -> pm$a:
    int spawnedID -> a
    int primaryColor -> b
    int secondaryColor -> c
    StatBase field_151512_d -> d
    StatBase field_151513_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntitySelectors -> po:
    com.google.common.base.Predicate selectAnything -> a
    com.google.common.base.Predicate IS_STANDALONE -> b
    com.google.common.base.Predicate selectInventories -> c
    com.google.common.base.Predicate NOT_SPECTATING -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntitySelectors$1 -> po$1:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySelectors$2 -> po$2:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySelectors$3 -> po$3:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySelectors$4 -> po$4:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob -> po$a:
    ItemStack armor -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityXPOrb -> pp:
    int xpColor -> a
    int xpOrbAge -> b
    int delayBeforeCanPickup -> c
    int xpOrbHealth -> d
    int xpValue -> e
    EntityPlayer closestPlayer -> f
    int xpTargetColor -> g
net.minecraft.src.EntityFlying -> pq:
net.minecraft.src.EntityLivingBase -> pr:
    java.util.UUID sprintingSpeedBoostModifierUUID -> a
    float prevLimbSwingAmount -> aA
    float limbSwingAmount -> aB
    float limbSwing -> aC
    int maxHurtResistantTime -> aD
    float prevCameraPitch -> aE
    float cameraPitch -> aF
    float randomUnused2 -> aG
    float randomUnused1 -> aH
    float renderYawOffset -> aI
    float prevRenderYawOffset -> aJ
    float rotationYawHead -> aK
    float prevRotationYawHead -> aL
    float jumpMovementFactor -> aM
    EntityPlayer attackingPlayer -> aN
    int recentlyHit -> aO
    boolean dead -> aP
    int entityAge -> aQ
    float prevOnGroundSpeedFactor -> aR
    float onGroundSpeedFactor -> aS
    float movedDistance -> aT
    float prevMovedDistance -> aU
    float unused180 -> aV
    int scoreValue -> aW
    float lastDamage -> aX
    boolean isJumping -> aY
    float moveStrafing -> aZ
    boolean isSwingInProgress -> ar
    int swingProgressInt -> as
    int arrowHitTimer -> at
    int hurtTime -> au
    int maxHurtTime -> av
    float attackedAtYaw -> aw
    int deathTime -> ax
    float prevSwingProgress -> ay
    float swingProgress -> az
    AttributeModifier sprintingSpeedBoostModifier -> b
    float moveForward -> ba
    float randomYawVelocity -> bb
    int newPosRotationIncrements -> bc
    double newPosX -> bd
    double newPosY -> be
    double newPosZ -> bf
    double newRotationYaw -> bg
    double newRotationPitch -> bh
    EntityLivingBase entityLivingToAttack -> bi
    int revengeTimer -> bj
    EntityLivingBase lastAttacker -> bk
    int lastAttackerTime -> bl
    float landMovementFactor -> bm
    int jumpTicks -> bn
    float absorptionAmount -> bo
    BaseAttributeMap attributeMap -> c
    CombatTracker _combatTracker -> f
    java.util.Map activePotionsMap -> g
    ItemStack[] previousEquipment -> h
    boolean potionsNeedUpdate -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityLivingBase$1 -> pr$1:
    EntityLivingBase field_181170_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityLiving -> ps:
    EntityLookHelper lookHelper -> a
    int livingSoundTime -> a_
    EntityBodyHelper bodyHelper -> b
    int experienceValue -> b_
    EntityAITasks targetTasks -> bi
    float[] equipmentDropChances -> bj
    EntitySenses senses -> bk
    ItemStack[] equipment -> bl
    boolean canPickUpLoot -> bm
    boolean persistenceRequired -> bn
    boolean isLeashed -> bo
    Entity leashedToEntity -> bp
    NBTTagCompound leashNBTTag -> bq
    EntityLivingBase attackTarget -> c
    EntityMoveHelper moveHelper -> f
    EntityJumpHelper jumpHelper -> g
    PathNavigate navigator -> h
    EntityAITasks tasks -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType -> ps$a:
    EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType ON_GROUND -> a
    EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType IN_AIR -> b
    EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType IN_WATER -> c
    EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.EnumCreatureType -> pt:
    EnumCreatureType MONSTER -> a
    EnumCreatureType CREATURE -> b
    EnumCreatureType AMBIENT -> c
    EnumCreatureType WATER_CREATURE -> d
    java.lang.Class creatureClass -> e
    int maxNumberOfCreature -> f
    Material creatureMaterial -> g
    boolean isPeacefulCreature -> h
    boolean isAnimal -> i
    EnumCreatureType[] $VALUES -> j
net.minecraft.src.IEntityLivingData -> pu:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry -> pv:
    java.util.HashMap ENTITY_PLACEMENTS -> a
net.minecraft.src.EnumCreatureAttribute -> pw:
    EnumCreatureAttribute UNDEFINED -> a
    EnumCreatureAttribute UNDEAD -> b
    EnumCreatureAttribute ARTHROPOD -> c
    EnumCreatureAttribute[] $VALUES -> d
net.minecraft.src.IEntityOwnable -> px:
net.minecraft.src.EntityCreature -> py:
    BlockPos homePosition -> a
    float maximumHomeDistance -> b
    java.util.UUID FLEEING_SPEED_MODIFIER_UUID -> bk
    AttributeModifier FLEEING_SPEED_MODIFIER -> bl
    boolean isMovementAITaskSet -> bm
    EntityAIBase aiBase -> c
net.minecraft.src.DataWatcher -> pz:
    Entity owner -> a
    boolean isBlank -> b
    java.util.Map dataTypes -> c
    java.util.Map watchedObjects -> d
    boolean objectChanged -> e
    java.util.concurrent.locks.ReadWriteLock lock -> f
net.minecraft.src.DataWatcher$WatchableObject -> pz$a:
    int objectType -> a
    int dataValueId -> b
    java.lang.Object watchedObject -> c
    boolean watched -> d
net.minecraft.src.CommandBanIp -> q:
    java.util.regex.Pattern field_147211_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityTameable -> qa:
    EntityAISit aiSit -> bm
net.minecraft.src.IAttribute -> qb:
net.minecraft.src.IAttributeInstance -> qc:
net.minecraft.src.AttributeModifier -> qd:
    double amount -> a
    int operation -> b
    java.lang.String name -> c
    java.util.UUID id -> d
    boolean isSaved -> e
net.minecraft.src.BaseAttribute -> qe:
    IAttribute field_180373_a -> a
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> b
    double defaultValue -> c
    boolean shouldWatch -> d
net.minecraft.src.BaseAttributeMap -> qf:
    java.util.Map attributes -> a
    java.util.Map attributesByName -> b
    com.google.common.collect.Multimap field_180377_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.ModifiableAttributeInstance -> qh:
    BaseAttributeMap attributeMap -> a
    IAttribute genericAttribute -> b
    java.util.Map mapByOperation -> c
    java.util.Map mapByName -> d
    java.util.Map mapByUUID -> e
    double baseValue -> f
    boolean needsUpdate -> g
    double cachedValue -> h
net.minecraft.src.ServersideAttributeMap -> qi:
    java.util.Map descriptionToAttributeInstanceMap -> d
    java.util.Set attributeInstanceSet -> e
net.minecraft.src.RangedAttribute -> qj:
    double minimumValue -> a
    double maximumValue -> b
    java.lang.String description -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityBodyHelper -> qm:
    EntityLivingBase theLiving -> a
    int rotationTickCounter -> b
    float prevRenderYawHead -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityJumpHelper -> qo:
    boolean isJumping -> a
    EntityLiving entity -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityLookHelper -> qp:
    EntityLiving entity -> a
    float deltaLookYaw -> b
    float deltaLookPitch -> c
    boolean isLooking -> d
    double posX -> e
    double posY -> f
    double posZ -> g
net.minecraft.src.EntityMoveHelper -> qq:
    EntityLiving entity -> a
    double posX -> b
    double posY -> c
    double posZ -> d
    double speed -> e
    boolean update -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIAvoidEntity -> qs:
    EntityCreature theEntity -> a
    Entity closestLivingEntity -> b
    com.google.common.base.Predicate canBeSeenSelector -> c
    double farSpeed -> d
    double nearSpeed -> e
    float avoidDistance -> f
    PathEntity entityPathEntity -> g
    PathNavigate entityPathNavigate -> h
    java.lang.Class classToAvoid -> i
    com.google.common.base.Predicate avoidTargetSelector -> j
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIAvoidEntity$1 -> qs$1:
    EntityAIAvoidEntity field_98219_c -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIBeg -> qt:
    EntityWolf theWolf -> a
    EntityPlayer thePlayer -> b
    World worldObject -> c
    float minPlayerDistance -> d
    int timeoutCounter -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIBreakDoor -> qu:
    int breakingTime -> g
    int previousBreakProgress -> h
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIMate -> qv:
    World theWorld -> a
    int spawnBabyDelay -> b
    double moveSpeed -> c
    EntityAnimal theAnimal -> d
    EntityAnimal targetMate -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIControlledByPlayer -> qw:
    EntityLiving thisEntity -> a
    float maxSpeed -> b
    float currentSpeed -> c
    boolean speedBoosted -> d
    int speedBoostTime -> e
    int maxSpeedBoostTime -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIDoorInteract -> qx:
    EntityLiving theEntity -> a
    BlockPos doorPosition -> b
    BlockDoor doorBlock -> c
    boolean hasStoppedDoorInteraction -> d
    float entityPositionX -> e
    float entityPositionZ -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIEatGrass -> qy:
    int eatingGrassTimer -> a
    com.google.common.base.Predicate field_179505_b -> b
    EntityLiving grassEaterEntity -> c
    World entityWorld -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIFleeSun -> qz:
    EntityCreature theCreature -> a
    double shelterX -> b
    double shelterY -> c
    double shelterZ -> d
    double movementSpeed -> e
    World theWorld -> f
net.minecraft.src.CommandBanPlayer -> r:
net.minecraft.src.EntityAISwimming -> ra:
    EntityLiving theEntity -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIFollowOwner -> rb:
    World theWorld -> a
    float maxDist -> b
    float minDist -> c
    EntityTameable thePet -> d
    EntityLivingBase theOwner -> e
    double followSpeed -> f
    PathNavigate petPathfinder -> g
    int field_75343_h -> h
    boolean field_75344_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIFollowParent -> rc:
    EntityAnimal childAnimal -> a
    EntityAnimal parentAnimal -> b
    double moveSpeed -> c
    int delayCounter -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIBase -> rd:
    int mutexBits -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityAITasks -> re:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    java.util.List taskEntries -> b
    java.util.List executingTaskEntries -> c
    Profiler theProfiler -> d
    int tickCount -> e
    int tickRate -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry -> re$a:
    EntityAIBase action -> a
    int priority -> b
    EntityAITasks field_75732_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIHarvestFarmland -> rf:
    EntityVillager theVillager -> c
    boolean hasFarmItem -> d
    boolean field_179503_e -> e
    int field_179501_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIWatchClosest2 -> rg:
net.minecraft.src.EntityAILeapAtTarget -> rh:
    EntityLiving leaper -> a
    EntityLivingBase leapTarget -> b
    float leapMotionY -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIWatchClosest -> ri:
    EntityLiving theWatcher -> a
    Entity closestEntity -> b
    float maxDistanceForPlayer -> c
    java.lang.Class watchedClass -> d
    int lookTime -> e
    float chance -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAILookAtTradePlayer -> rj:
    EntityVillager theMerchant -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIVillagerMate -> rk:
    Village villageObj -> a
    EntityVillager villagerObj -> b
    EntityVillager mate -> c
    World worldObj -> d
    int matingTimeout -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIAttackOnCollide -> rl:
    World worldObj -> a
    EntityCreature attacker -> b
    int attackTick -> c
    double speedTowardsTarget -> d
    boolean longMemory -> e
    PathEntity entityPathEntity -> f
    java.lang.Class classTarget -> g
    int delayCounter -> h
    double targetX -> i
    double targetY -> j
    double targetZ -> k
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIMoveIndoors -> rm:
    EntityCreature entityObj -> a
    VillageDoorInfo doorInfo -> b
    int insidePosX -> c
    int insidePosZ -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIMoveThroughVillage -> rn:
    EntityCreature theEntity -> a
    double movementSpeed -> b
    PathEntity entityPathNavigate -> c
    VillageDoorInfo doorInfo -> d
    boolean isNocturnal -> e
    java.util.List doorList -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIMoveToBlock -> ro:
    int runDelay -> a
    BlockPos destinationBlock -> b
    EntityCreature theEntity -> c
    double movementSpeed -> d
    int timeoutCounter -> e
    int field_179490_f -> f
    boolean isAboveDestination -> g
    int searchLength -> h
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction -> rp:
    EntityCreature theEntity -> a
    double movePosX -> b
    double movePosY -> c
    double movePosZ -> d
    double movementSpeed -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget -> rq:
    EntityCreature theEntity -> a
    EntityLivingBase targetEntity -> b
    double movePosX -> c
    double movePosY -> d
    double movePosZ -> e
    double speed -> f
    float maxTargetDistance -> g
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIOcelotAttack -> rr:
    World theWorld -> a
    EntityLiving theEntity -> b
    EntityLivingBase theVictim -> c
    int attackCountdown -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIOcelotSit -> rs:
    EntityOcelot ocelot -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityAILookAtVillager -> rt:
    EntityIronGolem theGolem -> a
    EntityVillager theVillager -> b
    int lookTime -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIOpenDoor -> ru:
    boolean closeDoor -> g
    int closeDoorTemporisation -> h
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIPanic -> rv:
    double speed -> a
    EntityCreature theEntityCreature -> b
    double randPosX -> c
    double randPosY -> d
    double randPosZ -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIPlay -> rw:
    EntityVillager villagerObj -> a
    EntityLivingBase targetVillager -> b
    double speed -> c
    int playTime -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityAILookIdle -> ry:
    EntityLiving idleEntity -> a
    double lookX -> b
    double lookZ -> c
    int idleTime -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIWander -> rz:
    EntityCreature entity -> a
    double xPosition -> b
    double yPosition -> c
    double zPosition -> d
    double speed -> e
    int executionChance -> f
    boolean mustUpdate -> g
net.minecraft.src.CommandBlockData -> s:
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIArrowAttack -> sa:
    EntityLiving entityHost -> a
    IRangedAttackMob rangedAttackEntityHost -> b
    EntityLivingBase attackTarget -> c
    int rangedAttackTime -> d
    double entityMoveSpeed -> e
    int field_75318_f -> f
    int field_96561_g -> g
    int maxRangedAttackTime -> h
    float field_96562_i -> i
    float maxAttackDistance -> j
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor -> sb:
    EntityCreature entityObj -> a
    VillageDoorInfo frontDoor -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIRestrictSun -> sc:
    EntityCreature theEntity -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy -> sd:
    EntityHorse horseHost -> a
    double speed -> b
    double targetX -> c
    double targetY -> d
    double targetZ -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityAISit -> se:
    EntityTameable theEntity -> a
    boolean isSitting -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityAICreeperSwell -> sf:
    EntityCreeper swellingCreeper -> a
    EntityLivingBase creeperAttackTarget -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIFollowGolem -> sg:
    EntityVillager theVillager -> a
    EntityIronGolem theGolem -> b
    int takeGolemRoseTick -> c
    boolean tookGolemRose -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityAITempt -> sh:
    EntityCreature temptedEntity -> a
    double speed -> b
    double targetX -> c
    double targetY -> d
    double targetZ -> e
    double pitch -> f
    double yaw -> g
    EntityPlayer temptingPlayer -> h
    int delayTemptCounter -> i
    boolean isRunning -> j
    Item temptItem -> k
    boolean scaredByPlayerMovement -> l
    boolean avoidWater -> m
net.minecraft.src.EntityAITradePlayer -> si:
    EntityVillager villager -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIVillagerInteract -> sj:
    int interactionDelay -> e
    EntityVillager villager -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIDefendVillage -> sl:
    EntityIronGolem irongolem -> a
    EntityLivingBase villageAgressorTarget -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIHurtByTarget -> sm:
    boolean entityCallsForHelp -> a
    int revengeTimerOld -> b
    java.lang.Class[] targetClasses -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIFindEntityNearest -> sn:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
    EntityLiving mob -> b
    com.google.common.base.Predicate field_179443_c -> c
    EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter field_179440_d -> d
    EntityLivingBase target -> e
    java.lang.Class field_179439_f -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1 -> sn$1:
    EntityAIFindEntityNearest field_179877_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer -> so:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger LOGGER -> a
    EntityLiving entityLiving -> b
    com.google.common.base.Predicate predicate -> c
    EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter sorter -> d
    EntityLivingBase entityTarget -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1 -> so$1:
    EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer field_179881_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget -> sp:
    java.lang.Class targetClass -> a
    EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter theNearestAttackableTargetSorter -> b
    com.google.common.base.Predicate targetEntitySelector -> c
    EntityLivingBase targetEntity -> d
    int targetChance -> g
net.minecraft.src.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1 -> sp$1:
    com.google.common.base.Predicate field_111103_c -> a
    EntityAINearestAttackableTarget field_111102_d -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter -> sp$a:
    Entity theEntity -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityAITargetNonTamed -> sq:
    EntityTameable theTameable -> g
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget -> sr:
    EntityTameable theDefendingTameable -> a
    EntityLivingBase theOwnerAttacker -> b
    int field_142051_e -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget -> ss:
    EntityTameable theEntityTameable -> a
    EntityLivingBase theTarget -> b
    int field_142050_e -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityAITarget -> st:
    boolean nearbyOnly -> a
    int targetSearchStatus -> b
    int targetSearchDelay -> c
    int targetUnseenTicks -> d
    EntityCreature taskOwner -> e
    boolean shouldCheckSight -> f
net.minecraft.src.PathNavigateGround -> sv:
    WalkNodeProcessor nodeProcessor -> a
    boolean shouldAvoidSun -> f
net.minecraft.src.PathNavigate -> sw:
    IAttributeInstance pathSearchRange -> a
    EntityLiving theEntity -> b
    World worldObj -> c
    PathEntity currentPath -> d
    double speed -> e
    int totalTicks -> f
    int ticksAtLastPos -> g
    Vec3 lastPosCheck -> h
    float heightRequirement -> i
    PathFinder pathFinder -> j
net.minecraft.src.PathNavigateClimber -> sx:
    BlockPos targetPosition -> f
net.minecraft.src.PathNavigateSwimmer -> sy:
net.minecraft.src.CommandClearInventory -> t:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySenses -> ta:
    EntityLiving entityObj -> a
    java.util.List seenEntities -> b
    java.util.List unseenEntities -> c
net.minecraft.src.RandomPositionGenerator -> tc:
    Vec3 staticVector -> a
net.minecraft.src.VillageDoorInfo -> te:
    BlockPos doorBlockPos -> a
    BlockPos insideBlock -> b
    EnumFacing insideDirection -> c
    int lastActivityTimestamp -> d
    boolean isDetachedFromVillageFlag -> e
    int doorOpeningRestrictionCounter -> f
net.minecraft.src.Village -> tf:
    World worldObj -> a
    java.util.List villageDoorInfoList -> b
    BlockPos centerHelper -> c
    BlockPos center -> d
    int villageRadius -> e
    int lastAddDoorTimestamp -> f
    int tickCounter -> g
    int numVillagers -> h
    int noBreedTicks -> i
    java.util.TreeMap playerReputation -> j
    java.util.List villageAgressors -> k
    int numIronGolems -> l
net.minecraft.src.Village$VillageAggressor -> tf$a:
    EntityLivingBase agressor -> a
    int agressionTime -> b
    Village field_75591_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.VillageSiege -> tg:
    World worldObj -> a
    boolean field_75535_b -> b
    int field_75536_c -> c
    int field_75533_d -> d
    int field_75534_e -> e
    Village theVillage -> f
    int field_75532_g -> g
    int field_75538_h -> h
    int field_75539_i -> i
net.minecraft.src.VillageCollection -> th:
    World worldObj -> b
    java.util.List villagerPositionsList -> c
    java.util.List newDoors -> d
    java.util.List villageList -> e
    int tickCounter -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntityAmbientCreature -> tj:
net.minecraft.src.EntityBat -> tk:
    BlockPos spawnPosition -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityAnimal -> tm:
    int inLove -> bm
    Block spawnableBlock -> bn
    EntityPlayer playerInLove -> bo
net.minecraft.src.EntityChicken -> tn:
    float wingRotation -> bm
    float destPos -> bo
    float field_70884_g -> bp
    float field_70888_h -> bq
    float wingRotDelta -> br
    int timeUntilNextEgg -> bs
    boolean chickenJockey -> bt
net.minecraft.src.EntityCow -> to:
net.minecraft.src.EntityHorse -> tp:
    java.lang.String[] HORSE_MARKING_TEXTURES_ABBR -> bA
    int eatingHaystackCounter -> bB
    int openMouthCounter -> bC
    int jumpRearingCounter -> bD
    AnimalChest horseChest -> bE
    boolean hasReproduced -> bF
    boolean field_110294_bI -> bG
    float headLean -> bH
    float prevHeadLean -> bI
    float rearingAmount -> bJ
    float prevRearingAmount -> bK
    float mouthOpenness -> bL
    float prevMouthOpenness -> bM
    int gallopTime -> bN
    java.lang.String texturePrefix -> bO
    java.lang.String[] horseTexturesArray -> bP
    boolean field_175508_bO -> bQ
    int field_110278_bp -> bm
    int field_110279_bq -> bo
    boolean horseJumping -> bp
    int temper -> bq
    float jumpPower -> br
    com.google.common.base.Predicate horseBreedingSelector -> bs
    IAttribute horseJumpStrength -> bt
    java.lang.String[] horseArmorTextures -> bu
    java.lang.String[] HORSE_ARMOR_TEXTURES_ABBR -> bv
    int[] armorValues -> bw
    java.lang.String[] horseTextures -> bx
    java.lang.String[] HORSE_TEXTURES_ABBR -> by
    java.lang.String[] horseMarkingTextures -> bz
net.minecraft.src.EntityHorse$1 -> tp$1:
net.minecraft.src.EntityHorse$GroupData -> tp$a:
    int horseType -> a
    int horseVariant -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityGolem -> tq:
net.minecraft.src.EntityMooshroom -> tr:
net.minecraft.src.EntityOcelot -> ts:
    EntityAIAvoidEntity avoidEntity -> bo
    EntityAITempt aiTempt -> bp
net.minecraft.src.EntityPig -> tt:
    EntityAIControlledByPlayer aiControlledByPlayer -> bm
net.minecraft.src.EntityRabbit -> tu:
    EntityRabbit$AIAvoidEntity aiAvoidWolves -> bm
    int field_175540_bm -> bo
    int field_175535_bn -> bp
    boolean field_175536_bo -> bq
    boolean field_175537_bp -> br
    int currentMoveTypeDuration -> bs
    EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType moveType -> bt
    int carrotTicks -> bu
    EntityPlayer field_175543_bt -> bv
net.minecraft.src.EntityRabbit$AIEvilAttack -> tu$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType -> tu$b:
    EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType NONE -> a
    EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType HOP -> b
    EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType STEP -> c
    EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType SPRINT -> d
    EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType ATTACK -> e
    float speed -> f
    float field_180077_g -> g
    int duration -> h
    int field_180085_i -> i
    EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType[] $VALUES -> j
net.minecraft.src.EntityRabbit$AIAvoidEntity -> tu$c:
    EntityRabbit entityInstance -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityRabbit$RabbitTypeData -> tu$d:
    int typeData -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper -> tu$e:
    EntityRabbit field_180069_b -> b
    EntityRabbit theEntity -> c
    boolean field_180068_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityRabbit$RabbitMoveHelper -> tu$f:
    EntityRabbit theEntity -> g
net.minecraft.src.EntityRabbit$AIPanic -> tu$g:
    EntityRabbit theEntity -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm -> tu$h:
    EntityRabbit rabbit -> c
    boolean field_179498_d -> d
    boolean field_179499_e -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntitySheep -> tv:
    InventoryCrafting inventoryCrafting -> bm
    java.util.Map DYE_TO_RGB -> bo
    int sheepTimer -> bp
    EntityAIEatGrass entityAIEatGrass -> bq
net.minecraft.src.EntitySheep$1 -> tv$1:
    EntitySheep field_90034_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntitySnowman -> tw:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySquid -> tx:
    float squidPitch -> a
    float prevSquidPitch -> b
    float prevSquidYaw -> bk
    float squidRotation -> bl
    float prevSquidRotation -> bm
    float tentacleAngle -> bn
    float lastTentacleAngle -> bo
    float randomMotionSpeed -> bp
    float rotationVelocity -> bq
    float field_70871_bB -> br
    float randomMotionVecX -> bs
    float randomMotionVecY -> bt
    float randomMotionVecZ -> bu
    float squidYaw -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom -> tx$a:
    EntitySquid squid -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityIronGolem -> ty:
    Village villageObj -> a
    int homeCheckTimer -> b
    int holdRoseTick -> bm
    int attackTimer -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper -> ty$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1 -> ty$a$1:
    com.google.common.base.Predicate field_180099_a -> a
    EntityCreature field_180097_b -> b
    EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper field_180098_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityWaterMob -> tz:
net.minecraft.src.CommandClone -> u:
net.minecraft.src.CommandClone$StaticCloneData -> u$a:
    BlockPos pos -> a
    IBlockState blockState -> b
    NBTTagCompound compound -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityWolf -> ua:
    float headRotationCourse -> bo
    float headRotationCourseOld -> bp
    boolean isWet -> bq
    boolean isShaking -> br
    float timeWolfIsShaking -> bs
    float prevTimeWolfIsShaking -> bt
net.minecraft.src.EntityWolf$1 -> ua$1:
    EntityWolf field_180095_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.IBossDisplayData -> uc:
net.minecraft.src.IEntityMultiPart -> ud:
net.minecraft.src.EntityDragonPart -> ue:
    IEntityMultiPart entityDragonObj -> a
    java.lang.String partName -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnderCrystal -> uf:
    int innerRotation -> a
    int health -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityDragon -> ug:
    double targetX -> a
    double targetY -> b
    Entity target -> bA
    double[][] ringBuffer -> bk
    int ringBufferIndex -> bl
    EntityDragonPart[] dragonPartArray -> bm
    EntityDragonPart dragonPartHead -> bn
    EntityDragonPart dragonPartBody -> bo
    EntityDragonPart dragonPartTail1 -> bp
    EntityDragonPart dragonPartTail2 -> bq
    EntityDragonPart dragonPartTail3 -> br
    EntityDragonPart dragonPartWing1 -> bs
    EntityDragonPart dragonPartWing2 -> bt
    float prevAnimTime -> bu
    float animTime -> bv
    boolean forceNewTarget -> bw
    boolean slowed -> bx
    int deathTicks -> by
    EntityEnderCrystal healingEnderCrystal -> bz
    double targetZ -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityWither -> uk:
    float[] field_82220_d -> a
    float[] field_82221_e -> b
    float[] field_82218_g -> bm
    int[] field_82223_h -> bn
    int[] field_82224_i -> bo
    int blockBreakCounter -> bp
    com.google.common.base.Predicate attackEntitySelector -> bq
    float[] field_82217_f -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityWither$1 -> uk$1:
net.minecraft.src.EntityArmorStand -> um:
    Rotations DEFAULT_HEAD_ROTATION -> a
    Rotations DEFAULT_BODY_ROTATION -> b
    int disabledSlots -> bi
    boolean field_181028_bj -> bj
    Rotations headRotation -> bk
    Rotations bodyRotation -> bl
    Rotations leftArmRotation -> bm
    Rotations rightArmRotation -> bn
    Rotations leftLegRotation -> bo
    Rotations rightLegRotation -> bp
    Rotations DEFAULT_LEFTARM_ROTATION -> c
    Rotations DEFAULT_RIGHTARM_ROTATION -> d
    Rotations DEFAULT_LEFTLEG_ROTATION -> e
    Rotations DEFAULT_RIGHTLEG_ROTATION -> f
    ItemStack[] contents -> g
    boolean canInteract -> h
    long punchCooldown -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityHanging -> un:
    BlockPos hangingPosition -> a
    EnumFacing facingDirection -> b
    int tickCounter1 -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityItemFrame -> uo:
    float itemDropChance -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityLeashKnot -> up:
net.minecraft.src.EntityPainting -> uq:
    EntityPainting$EnumArt art -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityPainting$EnumArt -> uq$a:
    int field_180001_A -> A
    java.lang.String title -> B
    int sizeX -> C
    int sizeY -> D
    int offsetX -> E
    int offsetY -> F
    EntityPainting$EnumArt[] $VALUES -> G
    EntityPainting$EnumArt KEBAB -> a
    EntityPainting$EnumArt AZTEC -> b
    EntityPainting$EnumArt ALBAN -> c
    EntityPainting$EnumArt AZTEC_2 -> d
    EntityPainting$EnumArt BOMB -> e
    EntityPainting$EnumArt PLANT -> f
    EntityPainting$EnumArt WASTELAND -> g
    EntityPainting$EnumArt POOL -> h
    EntityPainting$EnumArt COURBET -> i
    EntityPainting$EnumArt SEA -> j
    EntityPainting$EnumArt SUNSET -> k
    EntityPainting$EnumArt CREEBET -> l
    EntityPainting$EnumArt WANDERER -> m
    EntityPainting$EnumArt GRAHAM -> n
    EntityPainting$EnumArt MATCH -> o
    EntityPainting$EnumArt BUST -> p
    EntityPainting$EnumArt STAGE -> q
    EntityPainting$EnumArt VOID -> r
    EntityPainting$EnumArt SKULL_AND_ROSES -> s
    EntityPainting$EnumArt WITHER -> t
    EntityPainting$EnumArt FIGHTERS -> u
    EntityPainting$EnumArt POINTER -> v
    EntityPainting$EnumArt PIGSCENE -> w
    EntityPainting$EnumArt BURNING_SKULL -> x
    EntityPainting$EnumArt SKELETON -> y
    EntityPainting$EnumArt DONKEY_KONG -> z
net.minecraft.src.EntityFishHook -> ur:
    int shake -> a
    double fishX -> aA
    double fishY -> aB
    double fishZ -> aC
    double fishYaw -> aD
    double fishPitch -> aE
    double clientMotionX -> aF
    double clientMotionY -> aG
    double clientMotionZ -> aH
    Block inTile -> ar
    boolean inGround -> as
    int ticksInGround -> at
    int ticksInAir -> au
    int ticksCatchable -> av
    int ticksCaughtDelay -> aw
    int ticksCatchableDelay -> ax
    float fishApproachAngle -> ay
    int fishPosRotationIncrements -> az
    EntityPlayer angler -> b
    Entity caughtEntity -> c
    java.util.List JUNK -> d
    java.util.List TREASURE -> e
    java.util.List FISH -> f
    int xTile -> g
    int yTile -> h
    int zTile -> i
net.minecraft.src.WeightedRandomFishable -> us:
    ItemStack returnStack -> b
    float maxDamagePercent -> c
    boolean enchantable -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityWeatherEffect -> uu:
net.minecraft.src.EntityLightningBolt -> uv:
    long boltVertex -> a
    int lightningState -> b
    int boltLivingTime -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityBoat -> ux:
    boolean isBoatEmpty -> a
    double velocityY -> ar
    double velocityZ -> as
    double speedMultiplier -> b
    int boatPosRotationIncrements -> c
    double boatX -> d
    double boatY -> e
    double boatZ -> f
    double boatYaw -> g
    double boatPitch -> h
    double velocityX -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityFallingBlock -> uy:
    int fallTime -> a
    boolean shouldDropItem -> b
    NBTTagCompound tileEntityData -> c
    IBlockState fallTile -> d
    boolean canSetAsBlock -> e
    boolean hurtEntities -> f
    int fallHurtMax -> g
    float fallHurtAmount -> h
net.minecraft.src.EntityItem -> uz:
    float hoverStart -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> b
    int age -> c
    int delayBeforeCanPickup -> d
    int health -> e
    java.lang.String thrower -> f
    java.lang.String owner -> g
net.minecraft.src.CommandCompare -> v:
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecart -> va:
    boolean isInReverse -> a
    double velocityX -> ar
    double velocityY -> as
    double velocityZ -> at
    java.lang.String entityName -> b
    int[][][] matrix -> c
    int turnProgress -> d
    double minecartX -> e
    double minecartY -> f
    double minecartZ -> g
    double minecartYaw -> h
    double minecartPitch -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecart$1 -> va$1:
    int[] field_180037_a -> a
    int[] field_180036_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType -> va$a:
    EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType RIDEABLE -> a
    EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType CHEST -> b
    EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType FURNACE -> c
    EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType TNT -> d
    EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType SPAWNER -> e
    EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType HOPPER -> f
    EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType COMMAND_BLOCK -> g
    java.util.Map ID_LOOKUP -> h
    int networkID -> i
    java.lang.String name -> j
    EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType[] $VALUES -> k
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartChest -> vb:
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartCommandBlock -> vc:
    CommandBlockLogic commandBlockLogic -> a
    int activatorRailCooldown -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1 -> vc$1:
    EntityMinecartCommandBlock field_145768_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartContainer -> vd:
    ItemStack[] minecartContainerItems -> a
    boolean dropContentsWhenDead -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartFurnace -> ve:
    double pushX -> a
    double pushZ -> b
    int fuel -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartHopper -> vf:
    boolean isBlocked -> a
    int transferTicker -> b
    BlockPos field_174900_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartEmpty -> vg:
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartMobSpawner -> vh:
    MobSpawnerBaseLogic mobSpawnerLogic -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1 -> vh$1:
    EntityMinecartMobSpawner field_98296_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityMinecartTNT -> vi:
    int minecartTNTFuse -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityTNTPrimed -> vj:
    int fuse -> a
    EntityLivingBase tntPlacedBy -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityBlaze -> vl:
    float heightOffset -> a
    int heightOffsetUpdateTime -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack -> vl$a:
    EntityBlaze blaze -> a
    int field_179467_b -> b
    int field_179468_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityCaveSpider -> vm:
net.minecraft.src.EntityCreeper -> vn:
    int lastActiveTime -> a
    int timeSinceIgnited -> b
    int explosionRadius -> bm
    int field_175494_bm -> bn
    int fuseTime -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnderman -> vo:
    java.util.UUID attackingSpeedBoostModifierUUID -> a
    AttributeModifier attackingSpeedBoostModifier -> b
    boolean isAggressive -> bm
    java.util.Set carriableBlocks -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnderman$1 -> vo$1:
    EntityEnderman field_179949_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock -> vo$a:
    EntityEnderman enderman -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer -> vo$b:
    EntityPlayer player -> g
    int field_179450_h -> h
    int field_179451_i -> i
    EntityEnderman enderman -> j
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock -> vo$c:
    EntityEnderman enderman -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityEndermite -> vp:
    int lifetime -> a
    boolean playerSpawned -> b
net.minecraft.src.IMob -> vq:
    com.google.common.base.Predicate mobSelector -> d
    com.google.common.base.Predicate VISIBLE_MOB_SELECTOR -> e
net.minecraft.src.IMob$1 -> vq$1:
net.minecraft.src.IMob$2 -> vq$2:
net.minecraft.src.EntityGhast -> vr:
    int explosionStrength -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityGhast$AILookAround -> vr$a:
    EntityGhast parentEntity -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper -> vr$b:
    EntityGhast parentEntity -> g
    int courseChangeCooldown -> h
net.minecraft.src.EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack -> vr$c:
    int attackTimer -> a
    EntityGhast parentEntity -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityGhast$AIRandomFly -> vr$d:
    EntityGhast parentEntity -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityGiantZombie -> vs:
net.minecraft.src.EntityGuardian -> vt:
    float field_175482_b -> a
    float field_175484_c -> b
    float field_175485_bl -> bm
    float field_175486_bm -> bn
    EntityLivingBase targetedEntity -> bo
    int field_175479_bo -> bp
    boolean field_175480_bp -> bq
    EntityAIWander wander -> br
    float field_175483_bk -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityGuardian$1 -> vt$1:
    EntityGuardian field_179914_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack -> vt$a:
    EntityGuardian theEntity -> a
    int tickCounter -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector -> vt$b:
    EntityGuardian parentEntity -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityGuardian$GuardianMoveHelper -> vt$c:
    EntityGuardian entityGuardian -> g
net.minecraft.src.EntityMagmaCube -> vu:
net.minecraft.src.EntityMob -> vv:
net.minecraft.src.EntityPigZombie -> vw:
    java.util.UUID ATTACK_SPEED_BOOST_MODIFIER_UUID -> b
    int angerLevel -> bm
    int randomSoundDelay -> bn
    java.util.UUID angerTargetUUID -> bo
    AttributeModifier ATTACK_SPEED_BOOST_MODIFIER -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityPigZombie$AITargetAggressor -> vw$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntityPigZombie$AIHurtByAggressor -> vw$b:
net.minecraft.src.IRangedAttackMob -> vx:
net.minecraft.src.SharedMonsterAttributes -> vy:
    IAttribute maxHealth -> a
    IAttribute followRange -> b
    IAttribute knockbackResistance -> c
    IAttribute movementSpeed -> d
    IAttribute attackDamage -> e
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> f
net.minecraft.src.EntitySilverfish -> vz:
    EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish summonSilverfish -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone -> vz$a:
    EntitySilverfish silverfish -> a
    EnumFacing facing -> b
    boolean field_179484_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish -> vz$b:
    EntitySilverfish silverfish -> a
    int field_179463_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.CommandDeOp -> w:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySkeleton -> wa:
    EntityAIArrowAttack aiArrowAttack -> a
    EntityAIAttackOnCollide aiAttackOnCollide -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntitySlime -> wb:
    float squishAmount -> a
    float squishFactor -> b
    boolean wasOnGround -> bk
    float prevSquishFactor -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack -> wb$a:
    EntitySlime slime -> a
    int field_179465_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat -> wb$b:
    EntitySlime slime -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntitySlime$AISlimeHop -> wb$c:
    EntitySlime slime -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper -> wb$d:
    float field_179922_g -> g
    int field_179924_h -> h
    EntitySlime slime -> i
    boolean field_179923_j -> j
net.minecraft.src.EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom -> wb$e:
    EntitySlime slime -> a
    float field_179459_b -> b
    int field_179460_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpider -> wc:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpider$AISpiderAttack -> wc$a:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpider$GroupData -> wc$b:
    int potionEffectId -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntitySpider$AISpiderTarget -> wc$c:
net.minecraft.src.EntityWitch -> wd:
    java.util.UUID MODIFIER_UUID -> a
    AttributeModifier MODIFIER -> b
    int witchAttackTimer -> bm
    Item[] witchDrops -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityZombie -> we:
    IAttribute reinforcementChance -> a
    java.util.UUID babySpeedBoostUUID -> b
    EntityAIBreakDoor breakDoor -> bm
    int conversionTime -> bn
    boolean isBreakDoorsTaskSet -> bo
    float zombieWidth -> bp
    float zombieHeight -> bq
    AttributeModifier babySpeedBoostModifier -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityZombie$1 -> we$1:
net.minecraft.src.EntityZombie$GroupData -> we$a:
    boolean isChild -> a
    boolean isVillager -> b
    EntityZombie field_142047_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.NpcMerchant -> wg:
    InventoryMerchant theMerchantInventory -> a
    EntityPlayer customer -> b
    MerchantRecipeList recipeList -> c
    IChatComponent field_175548_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.INpc -> wh:
net.minecraft.src.EntityVillager -> wi:
    boolean areAdditionalTasksSet -> bA
    InventoryBasic villagerInventory -> bB
    EntityVillager$ITradeList[][][][] DEFAULT_TRADE_LIST_MAP -> bC
    Village villageObj -> bm
    int randomTickDivider -> bn
    boolean isMating -> bo
    boolean isPlaying -> bp
    EntityPlayer buyingPlayer -> bq
    MerchantRecipeList buyingList -> br
    int timeUntilReset -> bs
    boolean needsInitilization -> bt
    boolean isWillingToMate -> bu
    int wealth -> bv
    java.lang.String lastBuyingPlayer -> bw
    int careerId -> bx
    int careerLevel -> by
    boolean isLookingForHome -> bz
net.minecraft.src.EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems -> wi$a:
    Item sellItem -> a
    EntityVillager$PriceInfo price -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityVillager$ListEnchantedBookForEmeralds -> wi$b:
net.minecraft.src.EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds -> wi$c:
    ItemStack enchantedItemStack -> a
    EntityVillager$PriceInfo priceInfo -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem -> wi$d:
    ItemStack buyingItemStack -> a
    EntityVillager$PriceInfo buyingPriceInfo -> b
    ItemStack sellingItemstack -> c
    EntityVillager$PriceInfo field_179408_d -> d
net.minecraft.src.EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds -> wi$e:
    ItemStack itemToBuy -> a
    EntityVillager$PriceInfo priceInfo -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityVillager$ITradeList -> wi$f:
net.minecraft.src.EntityVillager$PriceInfo -> wi$g:
net.minecraft.src.PlayerCapabilities -> wl:
    boolean disableDamage -> a
    boolean isFlying -> b
    boolean allowFlying -> c
    boolean isCreativeMode -> d
    boolean allowEdit -> e
    float flySpeed -> f
    float walkSpeed -> g
net.minecraft.src.InventoryPlayer -> wm:
    ItemStack[] mainInventory -> a
    ItemStack[] armorInventory -> b
    int currentItem -> c
    EntityPlayer player -> d
    boolean inventoryChanged -> e
    ItemStack itemStack -> f
net.minecraft.src.InventoryPlayer$1 -> wm$1:
    ItemStack field_96634_a -> a
    InventoryPlayer field_96633_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityPlayer -> wn:
    InventoryEnderChest theInventoryEnderChest -> a
    int sleepTimer -> b
    PlayerCapabilities capabilities -> bA
    int experienceLevel -> bB
    int experienceTotal -> bC
    float experience -> bD
    float speedOnGround -> bE
    float speedInAir -> bF
    EntityFishHook fishEntity -> bG
    com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile gameProfile -> bH
    boolean hasReducedDebug -> bI
    float renderOffsetY -> bZ
    InventoryPlayer inventory -> bi
    Container inventoryContainer -> bj
    Container openContainer -> bk
    FoodStats foodStats -> bl
    int flyToggleTimer -> bm
    float prevCameraYaw -> bn
    float cameraYaw -> bo
    int xpCooldown -> bp
    double prevChasingPosX -> bq
    double prevChasingPosY -> br
    double prevChasingPosZ -> bs
    double chasingPosX -> bt
    double chasingPosY -> bu
    double chasingPosZ -> bv
    boolean sleeping -> bw
    BlockPos playerLocation -> bx
    float renderOffsetX -> by
    float renderOffsetZ -> bz
    BlockPos spawnChunk -> c
    boolean spawnForced -> d
    BlockPos startMinecartRidingCoordinate -> e
    int xpSeed -> f
    ItemStack itemInUse -> g
    int itemInUseCount -> h
    int lastXPSound -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityPlayer$1 -> wn$1:
    int[] field_179420_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.EntityPlayer$EnumStatus -> wn$a:
    EntityPlayer$EnumStatus OK -> a
    EntityPlayer$EnumStatus NOT_POSSIBLE_HERE -> b
    EntityPlayer$EnumStatus NOT_POSSIBLE_NOW -> c
    EntityPlayer$EnumStatus TOO_FAR_AWAY -> d
    EntityPlayer$EnumStatus OTHER_PROBLEM -> e
    EntityPlayer$EnumStatus NOT_SAFE -> f
    EntityPlayer$EnumStatus[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility -> wn$b:
    EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility FULL -> a
    EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility SYSTEM -> b
    EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility HIDDEN -> c
    EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility[] ID_LOOKUP -> d
    int chatVisibility -> e
    java.lang.String resourceKey -> f
    EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility[] $VALUES -> g
net.minecraft.src.EnumPlayerModelParts -> wo:
    EnumPlayerModelParts CAPE -> a
    EnumPlayerModelParts JACKET -> b
    EnumPlayerModelParts LEFT_SLEEVE -> c
    EnumPlayerModelParts RIGHT_SLEEVE -> d
    EnumPlayerModelParts LEFT_PANTS_LEG -> e
    EnumPlayerModelParts RIGHT_PANTS_LEG -> f
    EnumPlayerModelParts HAT -> g
    int partId -> h
    int partMask -> i
    java.lang.String partName -> j
    IChatComponent field_179339_k -> k
    EnumPlayerModelParts[] $VALUES -> l
net.minecraft.src.EntityArrow -> wq:
    int canBePickedUp -> a
    int ticksInGround -> ar
    int ticksInAir -> as
    double damage -> at
    int knockbackStrength -> au
    int arrowShake -> b
    Entity shootingEntity -> c
    int xTile -> d
    int yTile -> e
    int zTile -> f
    Block inTile -> g
    int inData -> h
    boolean inGround -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnderEye -> wr:
    double targetX -> a
    double targetY -> b
    double targetZ -> c
    int despawnTimer -> d
    boolean shatterOrDrop -> e
net.minecraft.src.EntityFireball -> ws:
    EntityLivingBase shootingEntity -> a
    int ticksAlive -> ar
    int ticksInAir -> as
    double accelerationX -> b
    double accelerationY -> c
    double accelerationZ -> d
    int xTile -> e
    int yTile -> f
    int zTile -> g
    Block inTile -> h
    boolean inGround -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityFireworkRocket -> wt:
    int fireworkAge -> a
    int lifetime -> b
net.minecraft.src.EntityLargeFireball -> wu:
    int explosionPower -> e
net.minecraft.src.IProjectile -> wv:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySmallFireball -> ww:
net.minecraft.src.EntitySnowball -> wx:
net.minecraft.src.EntityThrowable -> wy:
    boolean inGround -> a
    int ticksInAir -> ar
    int throwableShake -> b
    int xTile -> c
    int yTile -> d
    int zTile -> e
    Block inTile -> f
    EntityLivingBase thrower -> g
    java.lang.String throwerName -> h
    int ticksInGround -> i
net.minecraft.src.EntityEgg -> wz:
net.minecraft.src.CommandDebug -> x:
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> a
    long profileStartTime -> b
    int profileStartTick -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityEnderPearl -> xa:
    EntityLivingBase field_181555_c -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityExpBottle -> xb:
net.minecraft.src.EntityPotion -> xc:
    ItemStack potionDamage -> c
net.minecraft.src.EntityWitherSkull -> xd:
net.minecraft.src.FoodStats -> xg:
    int foodLevel -> a
    float foodSaturationLevel -> b
    float foodExhaustionLevel -> c
    int foodTimer -> d
    int prevFoodLevel -> e
net.minecraft.src.Container -> xi:
    short transactionID -> a
    java.util.List inventoryItemStacks -> b
    java.util.List inventorySlots -> c
    int windowId -> d
    java.util.List crafters -> e
    int dragMode -> f
    int dragEvent -> g
    java.util.Set dragSlots -> h
    java.util.Set playerList -> i
net.minecraft.src.AnimalChest -> xj:
net.minecraft.src.ContainerRepair -> xk:
    int maximumCost -> a
    org.apache.logging.log4j.Logger logger -> f
    IInventory outputSlot -> g
    IInventory inputSlots -> h
    World theWorld -> i
    BlockPos selfPosition -> j
    int materialCost -> k
    java.lang.String repairedItemName -> l
    EntityPlayer thePlayer -> m
net.minecraft.src.ContainerRepair$1 -> xk$1:
    ContainerRepair field_135010_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ContainerRepair$2 -> xk$2:
    World field_135071_a -> a
    BlockPos field_178174_b -> b
    ContainerRepair field_135068_e -> c
net.minecraft.src.ContainerBeacon -> xl:
    IInventory tileBeacon -> a
    ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot beaconSlot -> f
net.minecraft.src.ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot -> xl$a:
    ContainerBeacon field_82876_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ContainerBrewingStand -> xm:
    IInventory tileBrewingStand -> a
    Slot theSlot -> f
    int brewTime -> g
net.minecraft.src.ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient -> xm$a:
    ContainerBrewingStand field_75226_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ContainerBrewingStand$Potion -> xm$b:
    EntityPlayer player -> a
net.minecraft.src.ICrafting -> xn:
net.minecraft.src.ContainerChest -> xo:
    IInventory lowerChestInventory -> a
    int numRows -> f
net.minecraft.src.InventoryCrafting -> xp:
    ItemStack[] stackList -> a
    int inventoryWidth -> b
    int inventoryHeight -> c
    Container eventHandler -> d
net.minecraft.src.ContainerWorkbench -> xq:
    InventoryCrafting craftMatrix -> a
    IInventory craftResult -> f
    World worldObj -> g
    BlockPos pos -> h
net.minecraft.src.ContainerDispenser -> xr:
    IInventory dispenserInventory -> a
net.minecraft.src.ContainerEnchantment -> xs:
    IInventory tableInventory -> a
    int xpSeed -> f
    int[] enchantLevels -> g
    int[] enchantmentIds -> h
    World worldPointer -> i
    BlockPos position -> j
    java.util.Random rand -> k
net.minecraft.src.ContainerEnchantment$1 -> xs$1:
    ContainerEnchantment field_70484_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ContainerEnchantment$2 -> xs$2:
    ContainerEnchantment field_75227_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ContainerEnchantment$3 -> xs$3:
    ContainerEnchantment field_178172_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.SlotFurnaceFuel -> xt:
net.minecraft.src.ContainerFurnace -> xu:
    IInventory tileFurnace -> a
    int cookTime -> f
    int totalCookTime -> g
    int furnaceBurnTime -> h
    int currentItemBurnTime -> i
net.minecraft.src.SlotFurnaceOutput -> xv:
    EntityPlayer thePlayer -> a
    int field_75228_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ContainerHopper -> xw:
    IInventory hopperInventory -> a
net.minecraft.src.ContainerHorseInventory -> xx:
    IInventory horseInventory -> a
    EntityHorse theHorse -> f
net.minecraft.src.ContainerHorseInventory$1 -> xx$1:
    ContainerHorseInventory field_111239_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.ContainerHorseInventory$2 -> xx$2:
    EntityHorse field_111241_a -> a
    ContainerHorseInventory field_111240_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.ContainerPlayer -> xy:
    InventoryCrafting craftMatrix -> a
    IInventory craftResult -> f
    boolean isLocalWorld -> g
    EntityPlayer thePlayer -> h
net.minecraft.src.ContainerPlayer$1 -> xy$1:
    int field_75236_a -> a
    ContainerPlayer field_75235_b -> b
net.minecraft.src.CommandDefaultGameMode -> y:
net.minecraft.src.InventoryMerchant -> ya:
    IMerchant theMerchant -> a
    ItemStack[] theInventory -> b
    EntityPlayer thePlayer -> c
    MerchantRecipe currentRecipe -> d
    int currentRecipeIndex -> e
net.minecraft.src.ContainerMerchant -> yb:
    IMerchant theMerchant -> a
    InventoryMerchant merchantInventory -> f
    World theWorld -> g
net.minecraft.src.SlotMerchantResult -> yc:
    InventoryMerchant theMerchantInventory -> a
    EntityPlayer thePlayer -> b
    int field_75231_g -> c
    IMerchant theMerchant -> h
net.minecraft.src.InventoryEnderChest -> yd:
    TileEntityEnderChest associatedChest -> a
net.minecraft.src.InventoryCraftResult -> ye:
    ItemStack[] stackResult -> a
net.minecraft.src.SlotCrafting -> yf:
    InventoryCrafting craftMatrix -> a
    EntityPlayer thePlayer -> b
    int amountCrafted -> c
net.minecraft.src.Slot -> yg:
    int slotIndex -> a
    IInventory inventory -> d
    int slotNumber -> e
    int xDisplayPosition -> f
    int yDisplayPosition -> g
net.minecraft.src.ItemAnvilBlock -> yi:
net.minecraft.src.ItemArmor -> yj:
    java.lang.String[] EMPTY_SLOT_NAMES -> a
    int armorType -> b
    int damageReduceAmount -> c
    int renderIndex -> d
    int[] maxDamageArray -> k
    IBehaviorDispenseItem dispenserBehavior -> l
    ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial material -> m
net.minecraft.src.ItemArmor$1 -> yj$1:
net.minecraft.src.ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial -> yj$a:
    ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial LEATHER -> a
    ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial CHAIN -> b
    ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial IRON -> c
    ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial GOLD -> d
    ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial DIAMOND -> e
    java.lang.String name -> f
    int maxDamageFactor -> g
    int[] damageReductionAmountArray -> h
    int enchantability -> i
    ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial[] $VALUES -> j
net.minecraft.src.ItemArmorStand -> yk:
net.minecraft.src.ItemAxe -> yl:
    java.util.Set EFFECTIVE_ON -> c
net.minecraft.src.ItemBanner -> ym:
net.minecraft.src.ItemBed -> yn:
net.minecraft.src.ItemBlock -> yo:
    Block block -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemReed -> yp:
    Block block -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemBoat -> yq:
net.minecraft.src.ItemBook -> yr:
net.minecraft.src.ItemGlassBottle -> ys:
net.minecraft.src.ItemBow -> yt:
    java.lang.String[] bowPullIconNameArray -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemSoup -> yu:
net.minecraft.src.ItemBucket -> yv:
    Block isFull -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemCarrotOnAStick -> yw:
net.minecraft.src.ItemCoal -> yx:
net.minecraft.src.ItemMapBase -> yy:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs -> yz:
    CreativeTabs[] creativeTabArray -> a
    CreativeTabs tabBlock -> b
    CreativeTabs tabDecorations -> c
    CreativeTabs tabRedstone -> d
    CreativeTabs tabTransport -> e
    CreativeTabs tabMisc -> f
    CreativeTabs tabAllSearch -> g
    CreativeTabs tabFood -> h
    CreativeTabs tabTools -> i
    CreativeTabs tabCombat -> j
    CreativeTabs tabBrewing -> k
    CreativeTabs tabMaterials -> l
    CreativeTabs tabInventory -> m
    int tabIndex -> n
    java.lang.String tabLabel -> o
    java.lang.String theTexture -> p
    boolean hasScrollbar -> q
    boolean drawTitle -> r
    EnumEnchantmentType[] enchantmentTypes -> s
    ItemStack iconItemStack -> t
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$1 -> yz$1:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$10 -> yz$10:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$11 -> yz$11:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$12 -> yz$12:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$2 -> yz$2:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$3 -> yz$3:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$4 -> yz$4:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$5 -> yz$5:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$6 -> yz$6:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$7 -> yz$7:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$8 -> yz$8:
net.minecraft.src.CreativeTabs$9 -> yz$9:
net.minecraft.src.CommandEffect -> z:
net.minecraft.src.ItemTool -> za:
    float efficiencyOnProperMaterial -> a
    Item$ToolMaterial toolMaterial -> b
    java.util.Set effectiveBlocks -> c
    float damageVsEntity -> d
net.minecraft.src.ItemDoor -> zb:
    Block block -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemDoublePlant -> zc:
net.minecraft.src.EnumDyeColor -> zd:
    EnumDyeColor WHITE -> a
    EnumDyeColor ORANGE -> b
    EnumDyeColor MAGENTA -> c
    EnumDyeColor LIGHT_BLUE -> d
    EnumDyeColor YELLOW -> e
    EnumDyeColor LIME -> f
    EnumDyeColor PINK -> g
    EnumDyeColor GRAY -> h
    EnumDyeColor SILVER -> i
    EnumDyeColor CYAN -> j
    EnumDyeColor PURPLE -> k
    EnumDyeColor BLUE -> l
    EnumDyeColor BROWN -> m
    EnumDyeColor GREEN -> n
    EnumDyeColor RED -> o
    EnumDyeColor BLACK -> p
    EnumDyeColor[] META_LOOKUP -> q
    EnumDyeColor[] DYE_DMG_LOOKUP -> r
    int meta -> s
    int dyeDamage -> t
    java.lang.String name -> u
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> v
    MapColor mapColor -> w
    EnumChatFormatting chatColor -> x
    EnumDyeColor[] $VALUES -> y
net.minecraft.src.ItemDye -> ze:
    int[] dyeColors -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemCloth -> zf:
net.minecraft.src.ItemEgg -> zg:
net.minecraft.src.ItemEmptyMap -> zh:
net.minecraft.src.ItemEnchantedBook -> zi:
net.minecraft.src.ItemEnderEye -> zj:
net.minecraft.src.ItemEnderPearl -> zk:
net.minecraft.src.ItemExpBottle -> zl:
net.minecraft.src.ItemFireball -> zm:
net.minecraft.src.ItemFireworkCharge -> zn:
net.minecraft.src.ItemFirework -> zo:
net.minecraft.src.ItemFishFood -> zp:
    boolean cooked -> b
net.minecraft.src.ItemFishFood$FishType -> zp$a:
    ItemFishFood$FishType COD -> a
    ItemFishFood$FishType SALMON -> b
    ItemFishFood$FishType CLOWNFISH -> c
    ItemFishFood$FishType PUFFERFISH -> d
    java.util.Map META_LOOKUP -> e
    int meta -> f
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> g
    int uncookedHealAmount -> h
    float uncookedSaturationModifier -> i
    int cookedHealAmount -> j
    float cookedSaturationModifier -> k
    boolean cookable -> l
    ItemFishFood$FishType[] $VALUES -> m
net.minecraft.src.ItemFishingRod -> zq:
net.minecraft.src.ItemFlintAndSteel -> zr:
net.minecraft.src.ItemFood -> zs:
    int itemUseDuration -> a
    int healAmount -> b
    float saturationModifier -> c
    boolean isWolfsFavoriteMeat -> d
    boolean alwaysEdible -> k
    int potionId -> l
    int potionDuration -> m
    int potionAmplifier -> n
    float potionEffectProbability -> o
net.minecraft.src.ItemAppleGold -> zt:
net.minecraft.src.ItemHangingEntity -> zu:
    java.lang.Class hangingEntityClass -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemHoe -> zv:
    Item$ToolMaterial theToolMaterial -> a
net.minecraft.src.ItemHoe$1 -> zv$1:
    int[] field_179590_a -> a
net.minecraft.src.Item -> zw:
    java.util.Map BLOCK_TO_ITEM -> a
    CreativeTabs tabToDisplayOn -> b
    int maxDamage -> c
    Item containerItem -> d
    RegistryNamespaced itemRegistry -> e
    java.util.UUID itemModifierUUID -> f
    java.util.Random itemRand -> g
    int maxStackSize -> h
    boolean bFull3D -> i
    boolean hasSubtypes -> j
    java.lang.String potionEffect -> k
    java.lang.String unlocalizedName -> l
net.minecraft.src.Item$1 -> zw$1:
net.minecraft.src.Item$10 -> zw$10:
net.minecraft.src.Item$11 -> zw$11:
net.minecraft.src.Item$12 -> zw$12:
net.minecraft.src.Item$13 -> zw$13:
net.minecraft.src.Item$14 -> zw$14:
net.minecraft.src.Item$15 -> zw$15:
net.minecraft.src.Item$16 -> zw$16:
net.minecraft.src.Item$17 -> zw$17:
net.minecraft.src.Item$2 -> zw$2:
net.minecraft.src.Item$3 -> zw$3:
net.minecraft.src.Item$4 -> zw$4:
net.minecraft.src.Item$5 -> zw$5:
net.minecraft.src.Item$6 -> zw$6:
net.minecraft.src.Item$7 -> zw$7:
net.minecraft.src.Item$8 -> zw$8:
net.minecraft.src.Item$9 -> zw$9:
net.minecraft.src.Item$ToolMaterial -> zw$a:
    Item$ToolMaterial WOOD -> a
    Item$ToolMaterial STONE -> b
    Item$ToolMaterial IRON -> c
    Item$ToolMaterial EMERALD -> d
    Item$ToolMaterial GOLD -> e
    int harvestLevel -> f
    int maxUses -> g
    float efficiencyOnProperMaterial -> h
    float damageVsEntity -> i
    int enchantability -> j
    Item$ToolMaterial[] $VALUES -> k
net.minecraft.src.ItemStack -> zx:
    java.text.DecimalFormat DECIMALFORMAT -> a
    int stackSize -> b
    int animationsToGo -> c
    Item item -> d
    NBTTagCompound stackTagCompound -> e
    int itemDamage -> f
    EntityItemFrame itemFrame -> g
    Block canDestroyCacheBlock -> h
    boolean canDestroyCacheResult -> i
    Block canPlaceOnCacheBlock -> j
    boolean canPlaceOnCacheResult -> k
net.minecraft.src.Items -> zy:
    Item mushroom_stew -> A
    Item golden_sword -> B
    Item golden_shovel -> C
    Item golden_pickaxe -> D
    Item golden_axe -> E
    Item string -> F
    Item feather -> G
    Item gunpowder -> H
    Item wooden_hoe -> I
    Item stone_hoe -> J
    Item iron_hoe -> K
    Item diamond_hoe -> L
    Item golden_hoe -> M
    Item wheat_seeds -> N
    Item wheat -> O
    Item bread -> P
    ItemArmor leather_helmet -> Q
    ItemArmor leather_chestplate -> R
    ItemArmor leather_leggings -> S
    ItemArmor leather_boots -> T
    ItemArmor chainmail_helmet -> U
    ItemArmor chainmail_chestplate -> V
    ItemArmor chainmail_leggings -> W
    ItemArmor chainmail_boots -> X
    ItemArmor iron_helmet -> Y
    ItemArmor iron_chestplate -> Z
    Item iron_shovel -> a
    Item saddle -> aA
    Item iron_door -> aB
    Item redstone -> aC
    Item snowball -> aD
    Item boat -> aE
    Item leather -> aF
    Item milk_bucket -> aG
    Item brick -> aH
    Item clay_ball -> aI
    Item reeds -> aJ
    Item paper -> aK
    Item book -> aL
    Item slime_ball -> aM
    Item chest_minecart -> aN
    Item furnace_minecart -> aO
    Item egg -> aP
    Item compass -> aQ
    ItemFishingRod fishing_rod -> aR
    Item clock -> aS
    Item glowstone_dust -> aT
    Item fish -> aU
    Item cooked_fish -> aV
    Item dye -> aW
    Item bone -> aX
    Item sugar -> aY
    Item cake -> aZ
    ItemArmor iron_leggings -> aa
    ItemArmor iron_boots -> ab
    ItemArmor diamond_helmet -> ac
    ItemArmor diamond_chestplate -> ad
    ItemArmor diamond_leggings -> ae
    ItemArmor diamond_boots -> af
    ItemArmor golden_helmet -> ag
    ItemArmor golden_chestplate -> ah
    ItemArmor golden_leggings -> ai
    ItemArmor golden_boots -> aj
    Item flint -> ak
    Item porkchop -> al
    Item cooked_porkchop -> am
    Item painting -> an
    Item golden_apple -> ao
    Item sign -> ap
    Item oak_door -> aq
    Item spruce_door -> ar
    Item birch_door -> as
    Item jungle_door -> at
    Item acacia_door -> au
    Item dark_oak_door -> av
    Item bucket -> aw
    Item water_bucket -> ax
    Item lava_bucket -> ay
    Item minecart -> az
    Item iron_pickaxe -> b
    Item glass_bottle -> bA
    Item spider_eye -> bB
    Item fermented_spider_eye -> bC
    Item blaze_powder -> bD
    Item magma_cream -> bE
    Item brewing_stand -> bF
    Item cauldron -> bG
    Item ender_eye -> bH
    Item speckled_melon -> bI
    Item spawn_egg -> bJ
    Item experience_bottle -> bK
    Item fire_charge -> bL
    Item writable_book -> bM
    Item written_book -> bN
    Item emerald -> bO
    Item item_frame -> bP
    Item flower_pot -> bQ
    Item carrot -> bR
    Item potato -> bS
    Item baked_potato -> bT
    Item poisonous_potato -> bU
    ItemEmptyMap map -> bV
    Item golden_carrot -> bW
    Item skull -> bX
    Item carrot_on_a_stick -> bY
    Item nether_star -> bZ
    Item bed -> ba
    Item repeater -> bb
    Item cookie -> bc
    ItemMap filled_map -> bd
    ItemShears shears -> be
    Item melon -> bf
    Item pumpkin_seeds -> bg
    Item melon_seeds -> bh
    Item beef -> bi
    Item cooked_beef -> bj
    Item chicken -> bk
    Item cooked_chicken -> bl
    Item mutton -> bm
    Item cooked_mutton -> bn
    Item rabbit -> bo
    Item cooked_rabbit -> bp
    Item rabbit_stew -> bq
    Item rabbit_foot -> br
    Item rabbit_hide -> bs
    Item rotten_flesh -> bt
    Item ender_pearl -> bu
    Item blaze_rod -> bv
    Item ghast_tear -> bw
    Item gold_nugget -> bx
    Item nether_wart -> by
    ItemPotion potionitem -> bz
    Item iron_axe -> c
    Item record_11 -> cA
    Item record_wait -> cB
    Item prismarine_shard -> cC
    Item prismarine_crystals -> cD
    Item banner -> cE
    Item pumpkin_pie -> ca
    Item fireworks -> cb
    Item firework_charge -> cc
    ItemEnchantedBook enchanted_book -> cd
    Item comparator -> ce
    Item netherbrick -> cf
    Item quartz -> cg
    Item tnt_minecart -> ch
    Item hopper_minecart -> ci
    ItemArmorStand armor_stand -> cj
    Item iron_horse_armor -> ck
    Item golden_horse_armor -> cl
    Item diamond_horse_armor -> cm
    Item lead -> cn
    Item name_tag -> co
    Item command_block_minecart -> cp
    Item record_13 -> cq
    Item record_cat -> cr
    Item record_blocks -> cs
    Item record_chirp -> ct
    Item record_far -> cu
    Item record_mall -> cv
    Item record_mellohi -> cw
    Item record_stal -> cx
    Item record_strad -> cy
    Item record_ward -> cz
    Item flint_and_steel -> d
    Item apple -> e
    ItemBow bow -> f
    Item arrow -> g
    Item coal -> h
    Item diamond -> i
    Item iron_ingot -> j
    Item gold_ingot -> k
    Item iron_sword -> l
    Item wooden_sword -> m
    Item wooden_shovel -> n
    Item wooden_pickaxe -> o
    Item wooden_axe -> p
    Item stone_sword -> q
    Item stone_shovel -> r
    Item stone_pickaxe -> s
    Item stone_axe -> t
    Item diamond_sword -> u
    Item diamond_shovel -> v
    Item diamond_pickaxe -> w
    Item diamond_axe -> x
    Item stick -> y
    Item bowl -> z
net.minecraft.src.ItemLead -> zz:
net.minecraft.client.ClientBrandRetriever -> client:
net.minecraft.client.main.Main$2 -> main:
net.minecraft.realms.Tezzelator -> realms:
net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer$4 -> server:
